Contrary to popular belief Chuck Norris, not the Florida Supreme Court, made the final judgement on Terri Schiavo's fate. It was a roundhouse kick to the feeding tube.
A mighty crack was heard around the world as Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the supercontinent, Pangaea, beginning continental drift.
Chuck Norris doesn't understand why you should consult your doctor if your erection lasts for more than 4 hours. His erections have been known to last for up to 15 days.
Chuck Norris doesnt look at the toilet paper after he wipes.
Chuck Norris throws midgets for fun. He used to do it competitively, but it all ended horribly when he killed the pope.
Someone once tried to assassinate Chuck Norris's beard but missed hitting Chuck in the face, Chuck proceeded to beat the holy hell out of the guy using nothing but his penis and elbow, Chuck has since installed security on his beard, with a deflector diverting bullets to his face, since he values his beard more than even his rugged good looks.
Chuck Norris can kill a dog in 7 ways, 4 of which involve throwing missiles at it.
Chuck Norris once went to jail. The morning after his first night all the inmates, all the guards, and the warden had bleeding assholes.
Chuck Norris lucky number is one, becuase thats how many tries it takes him to accomplish any task.
If you ever get the chance to play Chuck Norris in Madden football, he will beat you 56-7.
Chuck Norris refers to himself in fourth person.
Chuck Norris told that one kid from the Sixth Sense that he has AIDS. He then smiled.
Artificial insemination was invented when, during an intense and vigorous masturbation session, Chuck Norris' high velocity ejaculate penetrated a woman's vagina from a quarter of a mile away.  
Chuck Norris once killed a man with his bare hands. He then revived him with his bare hands only to end his life with a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris killed Mcgyver by making a set of nun-chucks using newspaper, two toothpicks, a womans weave, and a 3 legged dog.
Chuck Norris' penis is so large, that he in fact has to tie it around his left leg so that it doesn't get in the way of his round-house kick.
Chuck Norris once leaned against a tower in Pisa, Italy.
Chuck Norris can juggle 12 bar stools when drunk but only 8 when sober.  
chuck norris invented racism because he thought the world was filled with 
Chuck Norris once ate a bad cheese burger at McDonalds. So he tracked down the president of the company, and round house kicked his secretary in the face so hard that she released her bowels onto the office floor. He then force fed the McDolands president the entire mess. This meal is now considered a delicacy in certain parts of the world, and can be found in certain McDonalds establishments under the name 
There was once a line of soap based off of Chuck Norris. His face was on every bar. While popular in the early 90s, the soap was discontinued after thousands of women started growing his stern yet sexy beard.
Chuck Norris built the equator to get a leg up on China's 
In an attempt to follow in the steps of Dolly Parton, Chuck Norris attempted to open a theme park. Unfortunetly the idea was cast asunder when the name 
There are three ways to do things. The right way, the wrong way and the Chuck Norris way. The Chuck Norris way is just the wrong way but with more roundhouse kicks.
Chuck has 5 letters. Norris has 6. When placed together we get 56. 1956 was the year of the first airborn nuclear test. Coincidence? I think not.
Chuck Norris invented death just so he could kill people.
Before Chuck Norris, it used to take the Earth 365 days to revolve around the sun. Then in the fall of 1976, Chuck Norris performed a roundhouse kick so powerful, the shockwave caused the Earth to slow and since then it now takes the Earth 365 and 1/4 days to revolve around the sun. Chuck Norris is the reason we recognize leap years.
The LA riots where not caused by the Rodney King verdict, they were actually started when Chuck Norris let the 
Chuck Norris created the Total Gym by physically beating a Ford Pinto into the shape he had in his mind.  The gas tank did explode during the procedure, but not so much as one hair of Chuck Norris's beard was singed.
To keep is his mind sharp Chuck Norris plays Tic-Tac-Toe versus himself. He wins every time.
Chuck Norris wore jeans so tight his wife became sterile.
Chuck Norris was on a season of Survivor once, but the entire season got cut after Chuck Norris murdered everyone on the island for eating his Cheetos.
Chuck Norris occasionally has Missing In Action flashbacks where he's escaping a Vietnam Prison and randomly starts killing Asians with his bare fist because thats the way Chuck rolls. You'll know when it's coming because Asians start flying through the air with random explosions, horrible subtitles will scroll your line of vision, and  Chuck will run and hide in your mom's garden, finally stealing your Kia Sportage screaming, 
When asked his opinion about the war in Iraq, Chuck Norris said 
Someone once approached Chuck Norris suggesting that rearranging the letters in his name reveals the message 
Chuck Norris once crushed a school bus full of children with his forehead.
Chuck Norris always keeps a Werther's Original in his jean pocket... For the kids.
Chuck Norris was playing Tekken 5 one day and finally met his match. His 12-year old son beat him with Eddy Gordo by randomly pressing buttons. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked his son in the throat killing him instantly. That night Chuck Norris ate well... He ate well indeed...
Chuck Norris is how the West was won.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot isn't a storm. It's where Chuck Norris puts his victims.
Chuck Norris eats Viagra only so that he can have an extra loaded weapon on him at all times.
Chuck Norris was once held prisoner back in 'Nam. Chuck plucked a hair from his beard, picked a booger and combined them together to create a grenade launcher and killed every soldier in the prison. Once he was back in America he told his story at a bar. A desperate producer overheard his story and a light bulb lit up in his head. That night MacGyver was born.
Chuck Norris found Nemo.
Chuck Norris shot at 50 Cent 9 times, but didn't finsh him because he wanted to do it with a roundhouse kick to the face. But 50 Cent ran in horror.
Chuck Norris once juggled a soccer ball 2,357 times... with just his penis.
Chuck Norris can travel through time by running at 88 miles per hour.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week. He then roundhouse kicked himself into next week, so he could roundhouse the man another week forward.
Chuck Norris' family crest is a picture of a baracudda eating Neil Armstrong.
Few people are aware that Chuck Norris is the first person to ever be diagnosed with beard cancer. Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris quickly beat the cancer into remission with a series of roundhouse kicks and rabbit punches.
Prince initially called 
Not many people know this but, Walker - Texas Ranger is actually a hidden camera show on Chuck Norris's life.
Congress is in the process of passing a bill to clone Chuck Norris for military purposes. They want his genes, particularly because Chuck Norris' eyes offer nightvision and 3x zoom capabilities.
Chuck Norris actually invented peanut butter, but while in transit to the patent office, George Washington Carver knocked him unconscious with the aid of chloroform and stole his patent. For revenge, Chuck Norris threw 7 freight trains on top of George Washington Carver. He died from this.
Chuck Norris is ranked 12th in the AP college football poll.
If an EMP were to go off within a close proximity of Chuck Norris, he would be rendered useless for a short period of time, because over 500 years ago, he traded the ability to see the future to Nostradamus for cybernetic arms, legs, and heart.
The title song 
Chuck Norris tought everyone in Texas karate, so it would look cooler when he kicked their ass on TV.
Everyone respects Chuck Norris so much, that when they fight him, they politely wait in turn for him to beat them up.
Chuck Norris once broke the kneck of a passing stranger in the street. When asked why he responded, 
One day Chuck Norris was infact killed when he round house kicked someone in the face so hard that it shattered the universe. But in heaven, Chuck challenged God to an arm wrestling match. Chuck won, and the universe was reformed.
Chuck Norris once boned the Mona Lisa, which is why she smiles.
If you knock three times on a wooden object and shout the name of Chuck Norris with a lisp on your voice, he will appear to you and personally kick your ass. And it will be better than any orgasm you will ever experience.
Chuck Norris auditioned for the role of Albus Dumbledore for the movie 
Chuck Norris actually invented the 
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone the size of a baseball. The stone is on display as a moon rock at NASA.
Chuck Norris stole your bike.
Chuck Norris believes strongly in ending world hunger. He plans to do this by terminating the populations of all third world countries.
Chuck Norris is actually the love child of Willie Nelson and an mystical ninja mummy.
A ducks quack does not echo. Chuck Norris is solely responsible for this phenomenon. When asked why he will simply stare at your grimly.
Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
In an attempt to bolster ratings during sweeps week in 1988, CNN began referring to itself as the 
It is Chuck Norris' eye that adorns the Great Seal on the back of the $1 bill. He is all seeing.
Chuck Norris IS the 
Ask not what Chuck Norris will do for a Klondike bar, ask what the Klondike bar will do for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is both blessed and cursed with the ability to destroy anything by merely by looking at it. To prevent this from happening, Chuck personally removed his eyes and now uses Bob Saget as the stick blind persons use to locate objects in their path. He can also use incredibly high pitched Karate screams as sonar.
The shadow from Chuck Norris' mustache can accurately predict the length of winter to within 4 seconds. The groundhog has been rendered obsolete.
The song 
Ever wonder where 
On the sixth day God created Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris was dropped at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Chuck Norris does not see dead people. He eats them.
Chuck Norris and Steven Seagal are secretly married. Norris wears the pants.
Walker Texas Ranger is just a normal man, but when danger calls he transforms into Chuck Norris.
The 
Chuck Norris was taking and evening stroll in a local neighborhood when a mountain spring water truck slammed in to a retarded child playing in the street. Chuck Norris rushed to the scene, destroyed the driver, and resurrected the child making him normal again. This event is celebrated as a show on TV called Captian Planet.
Chuck Norris was once accused of heresy by the Pope, but as it turns out, Chuck Norris is, in fact, the true son of god.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, he made the Bob Saget fact generator cease to exist. 
Chuck Norris' heart beats once every week.
One time Chuck Norris got bored so he flew to England and orally sodomized the entire royal family.
The original theme song to the Transformers was actually 
Chuck Norris was the first person to climb Mount Everest. Naked.
One day Chuck Norris went shopping and he had grabbed the last can of pea soup off the counter. Just then Steven Segal, Jean-Claude Van Damme, and Godzilla walked in and turned to Chuck Norris and said, 
Chuck Norris spread the belief that women do not take shits... I believe him.
Chuck Norris goes to the toilet once a month, if he needs to or not.
Chuck Norris once fed a starving Ethiopian boy a 12 course meal, then promptly sacrificed the boy to Satan in an effort to boost the ratings of Walker Texas Ranger.
Chuck Norris is the worlds best actor because his moustache is  the worlds best acting coach.
Chuck Norris once made love to a Sasquatch. This resulted in the birth of George W. Bush, and the Sasquatch contacting an incurable form of Syphillis, known as 
Chuck Norris has every copy of National Geographic in his basement. He also has the ability to lift every single one of them at once.
In his spare time, Chuck Norris breeds thoroughbred horses by manually inseminating the females with his own semen.
Chuck Norris once injested Pop Rocks while drinking Coke, and lived to tell about it. He then proceeded to bitch slap the Pope for saying how much Walker Texas Ranger sucked.
There's no such thing as a tornado. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
To Chuck Norris, doorknobs and urination are seen as merely suggestions.
Chuck Norris can piss on the third rail and not get electrocuted.
Whereas most people are killed by a BAC of .45, Chuck Norris only passes out when the alcohol in his veins is less than 5% blood.
In response to his challenge, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked MC Hammer so hard that he went bankrupt. Chuch Norris then bellowed, 
Chuck Norris once tamed a wild stallion in the forest. He rode the horse across the United States and back in under 24 hours. When he returned home he killed the horse and ate the entire thing.
When he was a baby, Chuck Norris dropped his mother on her head. She never refused her breast milk to him again.
Chuck Norris loves cute little puppies. He especially loves them on rye with some pepper jack and a dash of paprika.
Chuck Norris once held an anti-government protest in Washington. At the news, the government was so terrified that it disbanded immediately and declared Chuck the new President. Though pleased, Chuck's only intent had been to lure in dirty hippies to kick their asses.
Chuck Norris first appeared on TV when he was 8 years old, doing a musical number on the show 'Star Search'.  When Chuck Norris' musical number started he just roundhouse kicked one of the judges in the face.  He then remained motionless for the last two minutes of the song while smiling and giving the thumbs up.  Chuck Norris would have won but, due to paralysis, judge number three just made gurgling noises when he tried to tell Chuck Norris he received a perfect score.
When Chuck Norris was interviewed by local papers as to why he saved the baby from the fire he replied, 
The Ice Age is contributed to Chuck Norris, that was the date of his last erection which blocked the sun's rays for 47 years.
Vin Diesel has only had one nightmare in his lifetime. It involved Chuck Norris, and his murderous group of Oompa-Loompas.
Chuck Norris cannot be seen without 4-D vision glasses. His beard requires 5-D vision glasses and sun screen.
Chuck Norris never showers... because he never breaks a sweat.
An entire episode of Walker, Texas Ranger was shot with the lens cap on. This made no difference, however, because the light emanating from Chuck Norris' beard permeated the plastic cap and allowed the camera to see Chuck in all his glory.
Chuck Norris circumcised himself. At birth. With his bare hands.
Chuck Norris ties dead puppies to his feet to simulate real blood spraying from the faces of his stunt actors.
Chuck Norris went to a fortune teller once. She predicted pain.
Chuck Norris once flushed himself down a toilet to fight an allegator. After defeating the beast with one swift round house kick, he went home to eat his neighbor's children.
Chuck Norris was the first human to willingly snort anthrax, all he did was sneeze and out came Steven Seagal and Jet Li.
Chuck Norris doesn't experience miricales, he makes them.
Chuck Norris appeared in the movie Pearl Harbor in a cameo role as a palm tree. An ass-kicking, fire-breathing palm tree. Most of his scenes were cut, due to time and credibility restraints, since nobody could believe that Chuck could be within 500 yards of Ben Affleck without doing him serious bodily harm.
Once Chuck Norris made Jean Claude Van-Damme cry just by staring at him.
When asked if videogame-related violence was a threat to America's children, Chuck Norris promptly roundhouse kicked Jack Thompson in the face. Ironically, moments later two 13-year-olds were found dead less than a mile from the scene, attempting to reenact this stunt.
Chuck Norris eats tiger hearts every morning for strength, power, and wisdom. He eates men's hearts for sport.
The the Geneva Convention specifically forbids the use of Chuck Norris in an international conflict.
Chuck Norris knows Steven Segall personally. He is made up of the corn in Chuck Norris' fecal matter.
Booze gains alcohol content after passing through Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris CAN find a needle in a haystack, and then kill a man with the needle... or the haystack.
Chuck Norris was once taking a dump in a public bathroom in New York, and at one point, the man in the next stall made a comment about the horrible stench of Chuck's feces. Norris proceeded to release a bout of flatulence that incinerated the poor fool shitting next to him, and then recounted his story to a scientist friend of his, who did some further research. The basis for the atom bomb was discovered, and the research was called 
Each year, Chuck Norris brings gifts to people across the world as compensation for killing one of their loved ones. We know this day as Christmas.
Chuck Norris has 118,453 friends on myspace. It is an unspoken agreement that when you join his list of friends, you are actually placing your name on his list of death, but Chuck Norris' friends do not care. To die by the hand of Chuck is an honor.
Chuck Norris is the only man to never use an eraser.
Chuck Norris hates internet piracy but he also loves his fans. If he ever catches you downloading episodes of Walker: Texas Ranger, his conflicting opinions mean that he has to shake your hand and beat you senseless at the same time.
Tony Danza reports to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris constructed his own iPod by staring intensely at 10,000 country-western bands until they fearfully compacted themselves into a 2x4x1/2 inch white rectangle.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Chuck Norris ate its entire family, killed the farmer who bred it, and sex with the famers' wife all at the same time.
Rumors falsely claim that b29 bombers dropped the atom bombs on Japan. The truth is that Chuck Norris threw the bomb all the way to Hirosima.
Due to the excessive amount of unprotected sex Chuck Norris takes part in, it is garunteed that he appears in your family tree anywhere from 3 to 10 times.
Chuck Norris is so cool that the Pope has a Jesus fish on his car with the word 
Chuck Norris knew the 
Chuck Norris knows where in the world Carmen Sandiego is, but he won't tell because he doesn't want anyone to find the body.
Chuck Norris knows all the numbers of pi, but will only share them if he can be beaten in hand-to-hand combat. This is why we have supercomputers trying to figure it out instead.
Upon hearing of the possible outbreak of Bird Flu, Chuck Norris became outraged and announced he will kill off every species of bird. When asked about his statement, he replied, 
Chuck Norris once beat Mike Tyson's Punch Out in the desert while trimming red hair from his taint with a box cutter. What? You say there are no outlets for the Nintendo in the desert? Tell that to Chuck Norris.
The only person that can kill Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris. He is waiting until he runs out of other people to kill.
Chuck Norris will never 
It is a commonly held belief of the Jewish faith that, as a mere babe, Chuck Norris was separated from his mother in a blizzard. To this day, he hates snow so much that he roundhouse kicks each individual snowflake. The concussive force makes them all unique.
Chuck Norris was recently credited with finding a new race of people living in his chest hair.
The Fantastic 4 was originally The Fantastic 5 until Chuck Norris was kicked out for raping the Invisible Woman.
Chuck Norris doesn't need oxygen. He only inhales in order to absorb the ashes of his enemies in his lungs. And exhaling? That's because he doesn't want to shit.
One time a bee tried to sting Chuck Norris. He just laughed at it and blew it up with his laser vision.
Chuck Norris listens to Pantera to calm down.
Chuck Norris' sperm can penetrate 13 condoms, the birth control pill, a brick wall, and the 1975 Pittsburgh Steelers offensive line in order to impregnate a woman.
God is Chuck Norris' prototype.
Chuck Norris can read every AIM conversation for they are stored on the infinite hard drive of his computer.
Chuck Norris embodies the only matter known to have escaped a black hole.
Chuck Norris' Blood Alcohol Level is continously 8.0, but he is always fine to drive.
Chuck Norris burned his eyeballs out with cigartettes just to prove to some grade eight students that smoking is dangerous.
The tide rises when Chuck Norris tells it to.
Stores will accept Monopoly money if Chuck Norris is paying.
Chuck Norris' laugh sounds like that of a small child. You wouldn't know this because he never laughs.
Jimmy Hoffa is alive and well in Chuck Norris' large intestine but refuses to say 
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
Chuck Norris was once fined $1,000 for drawing Native American war symbols in invisible ink on the canvases of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Impressionist wing.
Chuck Norris created whiskey to help control the Indians.
Oxygen requires Chuck Norris to live.
Chuck Norris once had a head on collision with the sun. Luckily, the sun is so far away that the shift of its position had no effect on Earth.
Chuck Norris has actually visited the moon on four separate occasions, each time saving Mars by jump kicking through the windscreen of communist shuttles and punching Stalin clones in the ovaries.
If you want to wear the same cologne as Chuck Norris, you'll be disappointed to find that Chuck Norris doesn't wear cologne. For two hundred dollars, however, Mr. Norris will fart on your chest before you go on a date.
Some people believe UFOs fly around so erratically because they are trying to impress us. However, they are just trying to get away from Chuck Norris. The crash of 1947 showed the aliens that Earth would not be so easy to subdue.
Chuck Norris plays marbles with grenades.
Chuck Norris requires no stunt double, however his beard has stood in for the actor that played Chewbacca on many occasions.
Chuck Norris' bones cannot be broken by anyone except Chuck Norris. Sometimes Chuck breaks his own bones just to show off.
Cars were invented to have a faster way of fleeing from Chuck Norris. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris invented the car accident.
In order to shave, Chuck Norris would need a special razor made out of adamantium. The economic decline of the Carter administration caused the manufacturing of these razors to be too expensive, hence Chuck Norris now wears a beard.
The last person to challenge Chuck Norris to a hand-to-hand combat later became to founder of War-Amps.
Chuck Norris killed Rudolph, Donner, and Blitzen because they didnt join in any reindeer games.
Praying Mantises take after Chuck Norris. After having sex they bite off the head of their mate.
Chuck Norris was born a blonde, but the blood of his victims dyed his hair and beard to a healthy orange.
NASA hired Chuck Norris to save money. He kicks people into outer space, and they later land safely into his chest hair.
Chuck Norris removed his own tonsils. He didn't even have tonsillitis.
For every hour a plane ride takes, Chuck Norris can get to the destination in that many steps.
Lance Armstrong really didn't lose a testicle to cancer, he is actually the only living survivor to a Chuck Norris delivered round house kick to the balls
Chuck Norris once drank so much beer, all of the breweries of the world ran out. And then he started on wine...
When Chuck Norris enters a night club, he instantly becomes the life of the party. An instant is roughly how long it takes Chuck Norris to kill a room full of people.
Chuck Norris does not query the existence of God. God wonders if Chuck Norris is human, because he sure as hell never created him.
Chuck Norris once saved 500 people from a burning building in 0.3 seconds. He then proceeded to give each one a fatal round-house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris once dug his way to the center of the Earth using only a jar of petroleum jelly and his penis.
Chuck Norris created the first perpetual motion machine by hanging a Volkswagen Beetle on the end of a tetherball pole then kicking it. Thus he solved the world's energy problem.
Chuck Norris melts dry ice in his pool so he can swim without getting wet.
Chuck Norris was called to the set of the movie 
At this very moment, there is a 50/50 chance that Chuck Norris is boning your sister.
Chuck Norris once took 12 NoDoz pills and then slept for 48 straight hours, just to prove a point.
Chuck Norris used his bare hands and caught the Road Runner. He then roundhouse kicked Wile E. Coyote for being so incompetent.
When Chuck Norris found out dolphins were becoming an endangered species, he banged flipper and she gave birth 100 times.
Florida used to be in a straight line, until Chuck Norris kicked Miami for refusing to make a 
Chuck Norris snorts battery acid to get a buzz. He claims it tickles.
Every time Chuck Norris executes a roundhouse kick, the incredible speed at which his leg cuts through the air creates an enormous sonic boom. This is commonly known as 
When on vacation in December of '04 Chuck Norris was stung by a jelly fish. Delirious with rage at the unadulterated insolence, he roundhouse kicked the ocean into submission. The result nearly wiped out a generation of Thais.   
Chuck Norris chiseled the image of Mount Rushmore into his abs with a butter knife.
When Chuck Norris bleeds, oak trees sprout up from where the blood fell.
Chuck Norris puts the 'I' in 'Team'
Chuck Norris promised a Gypsy that he would eat San Francisco when Duke Nukem Forever is released. That's why it has been pushed back so many times.
Chuck Norris was the inspiration for Donkey Kong, HD-TV, and waterslides. Yes, waterslides.
Once, while traveling in space, a stray asteroid collided with Chuck Norris' testicles, slicing the left one off. Just to prove that he's badass, he ejaculated with only one testicle to stop the testicle that he didn't have. This event is recreated  in the end of Final Fantasy VII.
Chuck Norris knows how to pronounce Cthulhu. However, if he says Cthulhu in the correct pronounciation, several Turkmenistanian virgins will be sacrificed to Loki.
Chuck Norris can penetrate a female from up to a mile away, not psychokinetically, he just has a very large cock.
Chuck Norris once shot a German plane down with his finger by pointing at it and yelling, 
Chuck Norris likes Pina Coladas, but fucking hates getting caught in the rain.
One time, Chuck Norris escaped from Alcatraz with nothing but an elastic band and a plastic fork. This was was the inspiration for the song 
Scientology is Chuck Norris' first sucessful get-rich-quick scheme.
Chuck Norris loves the smell of naplam in the morning.
Chuck Norris knows exactly where Waldo is on every page. Even the pirate one.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cheesewheel to show a group of third graders how badass he is.
Chuck Norris went on a drug trip with Raffi, which resulted in the lyrics for the song 
Once a grizzly bear threatened to eat Chuck Norris. Chuck showed the bear his fist and the bear proceeded to eat himself, because it would be the less painful way to die.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out. He has yet released a public apology for his actions.
Chuck Norris believes that a flamethrower is an essential part of a well balanced breakfast.
The two 'atomic bombs' dropped on Japan in World War Two were actually two small parts of Chuck Norris' left testicle, which he graciously donated to defeat Hitler and the Axis powers in 1943. Since then he has regenerated said testicle, and in the process made Tim McGraw a bigger douche.
Chuck Norris eats members of the Ku Klux Klan for lunch every Thursday.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff AND the deputy. He then occupied the position of deputy.
Chuck Norris caught all 386 pokemon in just under 2.7 seconds. He says he won't trade any of them for anything.
The mathematical proof 
One does not punch Chuck Norris; Chuck Norris headbutts one's fist.
Chuck Norris will kick you, and it will hurt. Forever.
Chuck Norris can stop time for up to two hours by thinking about pineapples
Chuck Norris punched a woman in the vagina when she didn't give him exact change.
If you shoot Chuck Norris, you'll only make him angry.
Chuck Norris once destroyed Tokyo for fun, but was able to rebuild it in a matter of milliseconds.
Chuck Norris starts his day with a bowl of oatmeal, some pancakes and a glass of fresh squeezed Nazi juice.
Chuck Norris once fought off 42 ninjas bilndfolded, while having sex with 3 women.
After much debate, President Truman decided to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima rather than the alternative of sending Chuck Norris. His reasoning? It was more 
Chuck Norris built the entire continent of Asia in two days using just a spoon and Teen People magazine.
Every piece of furniture in Chuck Norris' house is a Total Gym.
Chuck Norris and Snoop Dogg once had a free style rap battle so awsome that people now celebrate the holiday Easter to remember the day.
Shortly after Bruce Lee's death, Chuck Norris worked as a Chemist, during which time he discovered the element of surprise and later, painium. He won a nobel prize for his work which he put next to his imaginary Oscar on his trophy shelf
Chuck Norris has killed every single person who has ever called him 
Halloween was invented when Chuck Norris disguised himself as a ghost so that he could beat up a pumpkin, light it on fire, and steal all of its candy.
Chuck Norris, when clean-shaven, radiates the heat of three suns.
The Internet slang 
Mott's apple juice originally started as an inside joke between Chuck Norris and his invisible friend. His invisible friend bet him that he couldn't urinate into bottles and sell it to people.
Chuck Norris can play the solo from 
Chuck Norris invented the cure for polio when he was bored one day.
If you take Chuck Norris and subtract the letters i, s, o, r, n, u, c, k, and h, then add the letters j, e, s, u, and s--in that order--you end up with Jesus.
Chuck Norris is what Willis is talkin' 'bout.
The lead role for The Pacifier was chosen all depending on a game of Counter-Strike between Vin Diesel and Chuck Norris. Vin Diesel won the game, but only because he was camping. In an angered state of rage, Chuck Norris notified God and got Vin Diesel banned from Earth. That took him down a peg.
Chuck Norris knows whether the moon landings were fake or not.
Chuck Norris was the first person to tame a dinosaur.
Chuck Noris works out 25 hours a day.
God didn't make all men equal, but Samuel Colt did... then God made Chuck Norris
If you have five dollars and Chuck Norris has five dollars, Chuck Norris has more money than you.
There is no 'ctrl' button on Chuck Norris's computer. Chuck Norris is always in control.
Apple pays Chuck Norris 99 cents every time he listens to a song.
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
Chuck Norris can eat just one Lay's potato chip.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because he only recognizes the element of surprise.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
When Chuck Norris calls 1-900 numbers, he doesn't get charged. He holds up the phone and money falls out.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.
Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
Chuck Norris can't finish a "color by numbers" because his markers are filled with the blood of his victims. Unfortunately, all blood is dark red.
A Chuck Norris-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick)
Chuck Norris’ house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
How much boner would a bonerchuck chuck if a bonerchuck could Chuck Norris? ...All of it.
Chuck Norris doesn't actually write books, the words assemble themselves out of fear.
In honor of Chuck Norris, all McDonald's in Texas have an even larger size than the super-size. When ordering, just ask to be Chucksized.
Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there. In that case the grass is most likely soaked in blood and tears.
A picture is worth a thousand words. A Chuck Norris is worth 1 billion words.
Newton's Third Law is wrong: Although it states that for each action, there is an equal and opposite reaction, there is no force equal in reaction to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris invented his own type of karate. It's called Chuck-Will-Kill.
When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.
While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
Chuck Norris once sued the Houghton-Mifflin textbook company when it became apparent that their account of the war of 1812 was plagiarized from his autobiography.
When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
When Steven Seagal kills a ninja, he only takes its hide. When Chuck Norris kills a ninja, he uses every part.
Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
Chuck Norris doesn't shave; he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other one.
Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen San Diego.
When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score over 9000.
Chuck Norris invented black. In fact, he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
When you're Chuck Norris, anything + anything is equal to 1. One roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris has the greatest Poker-Face of all time. He won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO.
On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't throw up if he drinks too much. Chuck Norris throws down!
In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job". That is the story of the universe.
Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his own rage.
Archaeologists unearthed an old English dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined "victim" as "one who has encountered Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
Chuck Norris and Mr. T walked into a bar. The bar was instantly destroyed, as that level of awesome cannot be contained in one building.
If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
Little known medical fact: Chuck Norris invented the Caesarean section when he roundhouse-kicked his way out of his mother's womb.
Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life... unless it gets in his way.
The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked one of the corners off.
There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
When Chuck Norris is in a crowded area, he doesn't walk around people. He walks through them.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
James Cameron wanted Chuck Norris to play the Terminator. However, upon reflection, he realized that would have turned his movie into a documentary, so he went with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
Thousands of years ago Chuck Norris came across a bear. It was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. It was also so terrified that all of its descendents now have white hair.
Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
Chuck Norris is responsible for China's over-population. He hosted a Karate tournament in Beijing and all women within 1,000 miles became pregnant instantly.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris once worked as a weatherman for the San Diego evening news. Every night he would make the same forecast: Partly cloudy with a 75% chance of Pain.
Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.
When Chuck Norris does a push-up, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, liquor, sexual intercourse, and football-- in that order.
A high tide means Chuck Norris is flying over your coast. The tide is caused by God pissing his pants.
Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
There is in fact an “I” in Norris, but there is no “team”… not even close.
Scotty in Star Trek often says “Ye cannae change the laws of physics.” This is untrue. Chuck Norris can change the laws of physics. With his fists.
Chuck Norris doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
Using his trademark roundhouse kick, Chuck Norris once made a field goal in RJ Stadium in Tampa Bay from the 50 yard line of Qualcomm stadium in San Diego.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum.
Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold.
Tom Clancy has to pay royalties to Chuck Norris because "The Sum of All Fears" is the name of Chuck Norris' autobiography.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Chuck Norris is expected to win gold in every swimming competition at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, even though Chuck Norris does not swim. This is because when Chuck Norris enters the water, the water gets out of his way and Chuck Norris simply walks across the pool floor.
Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
The original draft of The Lord of the Rings featured Chuck Norris instead of Frodo Baggins. It was only 5 pages long, as Chuck roundhouse-kicked Sauron’s ass halfway through the first chapter.
Helen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the "Circle of Life."
If, by some incredible space-time paradox, Chuck Norris would ever fight himself, he'd win. Period.
Chuck Norris is currently suing Myspace for taking the name of what he calls everything around you.
The crossing lights in Chuck Norris's home town say "Die slowly" and "die quickly". They each have a picture of Chuck Norris punching or kicking a pedestrian.
Science Fact: Roundhouse kicks are comprised primarily of an element called Chucktanium.
The Sherman tank was originally called the Norris tank until Chuck Norris decided it wasn't tough enough to be associated with him. The Army, for fear of Chuck Norris, renamed the tank and promised to develop a weapon more fitting of his name. To date, no weapon created has been badass enough to be named after Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren't before his first space expedition.
Superman once watched an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. He then cried himself to sleep.
Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes. Chuck Norris steps on necks.
The movie "Delta Force" was extremely hard to make because Chuck had to downplay his abilities. The first few cuts were completely unbelievable.
Movie trivia: The movie "Invasion U.S.A." is, in fact, a documentary.
Chuck Norris does not "style" his hair. It lays perfectly in place out of sheer terror.
There is no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold, so he turned the sun up.
A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart disease, 2. Chuck Norris, 3. Cancer
It's widely believed that Jesus was Chuck Norris' stunt double for crucifixion due to the fact that it is impossible for nails to pierce Chuck Norris' skin.
Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
Along with his black belt, Chuck Norris often chooses to wear brown shoes. No one has DARED call him on it. Ever.
Anytime someone is elected president in the United States, they must ask permission from Chuck Norris to live in the White House. The reason for this is because Chuck Norris had won every Federal, State, and Local election since 1777. He just allows others to run the country in his place.
Once you go Norris, you are physically unable to go back.
Ninjas want to grow up to be just like Chuck Norris. But usually they grow up just to be killed by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once sued Burger King after they refused to put razor wire in his Whopper Jr, insisting that that actually is "his" way.
The last thing you hear before Chuck Norris gives you a roundhouse kick? No one knows because dead men tell no tales.
Chuck Norris doesn't play god. Playing is for children.
Chuck Norris is the only person in the world that can actually email a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris won super bowls VII and VIII singlehandedly before unexpectedly retiring to pursue a career in ass-kicking.
Wo hu cang long. The translation from Mandarin Chinese reads: "Crouching Chuck, Hidden Norris"
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Some kids play Kick the can. Chuck Norris played Kick the keg.
'Icy-Hot' is too weak for Chuck Norris. After a workout, Chuck Norris rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA.
Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.
When Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey, straight out of the bottle.
According to Einstein's theory of relativity, Chuck Norris can actually roundhouse kick you yesterday.
Chuck Norris once pulled out a single hair from his beard and skewered three men through the heart with it.
In an act of great philanthropy, Chuck made a generous donation to the American Cancer Society. He donated 6,000 dead bodies for scientific research.
Chuck Norris’ favourite cut of meat is the roundhouse.
When J. Robert Oppenheimer said "I am become death, the destroyer Of worlds", He was not referring to the atomic bomb. He was referring to the Chuck Norris Halloween costume he was wearing.
Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.
Chuck Norris invented a language that incorporates karate and roundhouse kicks. So next time Chuck Norris is kicking your ass, don’t be offended or hurt, he may be just trying to tell you he likes your hat.
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
If Chuck Norris were a calendar, every month would be named Chucktober, and every day he'd kick your ass.
Fear is not the only emotion Chuck Norris can smell. He can also detect hope, as in "I hope I don't get a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris's show is called Walker: Texas Ranger, because Chuck Norris doesn't run.
MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips, but Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick his head through a wall and take it.
Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man, there is Chuck Norris.
What’s known as the UFC, or Ultimate Fighting Championship, doesn’t use its full name, which happens to be “Ultimate Fighting Championship, Non-Chuck-Norris-Division”.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a mixture of iron shavings, industrial paint remover, and boner-grain alcohol.
The easiest way to determine Chuck Norris' age is to cut him in half and count the rings.
There is endless debate about the existence of the human soul. Well it does exist, and Chuck Norris finds it delicious.
Most boots are made for walkin'. Chuck Norris' boots ain't that merciful.
The US did not boycott the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow due to political reasons: Chuck Norris killed the entire US team with a single round-house kick during TaeKwonDo practice.
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
Chuck Norris began selling the Total Gym as an ill-fated attempt to make his day-to-day opponents less laughably pathetic.
Do you know why Baskin Robbins only has 31 flavors? Because Chuck Norris doesn't like Fudge Ripple.
When Chuck Norris says "More cowbell", he MEANS it.
On the set of Walker Texas Ranger Chuck Norris brought a dying lamb back to life by nuzzling it with his beard. As the onlookers gathered, the lamb sprang to life. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked it, killing it instantly. This was just to prove that the good Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away.
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Nagasaki never had a bomb dropped on it. Chuck Norris jumped out of a plane and roundhouse kicked against the ground.
It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time and fathered himself.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
That's not Chuck Norris doing push-ups -- that's Chuck Norris moving the Earth away from the path of a deadly asteroid.
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
Nothing can escape the gravity of a black hole, except for Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris eats black holes. They taste like chicken.
Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
Q: How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb? A: None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
As President Roosevelt said: "We have nothing to fear but fear itself. And Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris just says "no" to drugs. If he said "yes", it would collapse Colombia's infrastructure.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse-kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
Crime does not pay - unless you are an undertaker following Walker, Texas Ranger, on a routine patrol.
Chuck Norris does not own a house. He walks into random houses and people move.
It is better to give than to receive. This is especially true of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris is the only person to ever win a staring contest against Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder at the same time.
Industrial logging isn't the cause of deforestation. Chuck Norris needs toothpicks.
Chuck Norris smells what the Rock is cooking... because the Rock is Chuck Norris' personal chef.
When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axles, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
"Brokeback Mountain" is not just a movie. It's also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in his front yard.
Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body.
Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is not capable of hitting a target on the broad side of a barn. Every time he tries, the whole damn barn falls down.
Before each filming of Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris is injected with fourteen times the lethal dose of elephant tranquilizer. This is, of course, to limit his strength and mobility, in an attempt to lower the fatality rate of the actors he fights.
When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks, "You want fries with that" because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't ever want fries with anything. Ever.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its descendants are known today as Giraffes.
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
Human cloning is outlawed because if Chuck Norris were cloned, then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
Chuck Norris's version of a "chocolate milkshake" is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
If Chuck Norris round-house kicks you, you will die. If Chuck Norris' misses you with the round-house kick, the wind behind the kick will tear out your pancreas.
In a fight between Batman and Darth Vader, the winner would be Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he kills people.
Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, the Titanic didn't hit an iceberg. The ship was off course and accidentally ran into Chuck Norris while he was doing the backstroke across the Atlantic.
Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
Chuck Norris once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed and eaten.
Maslow's theory of higher needs does not apply to Chuck Norris. He only has two needs: killing people and finding people to kill.
The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
For most people, home is where the heart is. For Chuck Norris, home is where he stores his collection of human skulls.
Kryptonite has been found to contain trace elements of Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks to the face. This is why it is so deadly to Superman.
Saddam Hussein was not found hiding in a "hole." Saddam was roundhouse-kicked in the head by Chuck Norris in Kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of Iraq.
Coroners refer to dead people as "ABC's". Already Been Chucked.
Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just roundhouses any cars that get too close.
Chuck Norris does not have to answer the phone. His beard picks up the incoming electrical impulses and translates them into audible sound.
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Chuck Norris's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm, indicating that a broken leg might be the worst extent of their injuries. This never proved to be the case.
When chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
If you rearrange the letters in "Chuck Norris", they also spell "Crush Rock In". The words "with his fists" are understood.
Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn eyes off.
Give a man a fish, and you will feed him for a day. Give a man anything that is better than a fish, and Chuck Norris will beat his ass and take it.
Chuck Norris used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Chuck Norris killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy.
The original title for Star Wars was "Skywalker: Texas Ranger". Starring Chuck Norris.
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is the military code-word for "Chuck Norris' basement".
The phrase 'balls to the wall' was originally conceived to describe Chuck Norris entering any building smaller than an aircraft hangar.
Chuck Norris’ roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Chuck Norris bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers.
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry. Even the worst-laid plans of Chuck Norris come off without a hitch.
The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Chuck Norris in a movie theater and forgets to turn their cell phone off.
Chuck Norris' Roundhouse kick is so powerful, that on the set of Sidekicks he single-footedly destroyed Jonathan Brandis' Career.
Staring at Chuck Norris for extended periods of time without proper eye protection will cause blindness, and possibly foot sized bruises on the face.
Chuck Norris can taste lies.
Chuck Norris does not kick ass and take names. In fact, Chuck Norris kicks ass and assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions.
One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into a glacier.
In 1990, Chuck Norris founded the non-profit organization "Kick Drugs Out of America". If the organization's name were "Roundhouse Kick Drugs out of America", there wouldn't be any drugs in the Western Hemisphere. Anywhere.
Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
They had to edit the first ending of 'Lone Wolf McQuade' after Chuck Norris kicked David Carradine's ass, then proceeded to barbecue and eat him.
Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
Chuck Norris was once on Jeopardy. This show is notable in that it was the first occasion in Jeopardy history that Alex Trebek had appeared without a mustache. And a head.
4 out of 5 doctors fail to recommend Chuck Norris as a solution to most problems. Also, 80% of doctors die unexplained, needlessly brutal deaths.
Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
The only sure things are Death and Taxes…and when Chuck Norris goes to work for the IRS, they'll be the same thing.
Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
With the rising cost of gasoline, Chuck Norris is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.
The square root of Chuck Norris is pain. Do not try to square Chuck Norris, the result is death.
chuck Norris' testicles do not produce sperm. They produce tiny white ninjas that recognize only one mission: seek and destroy.
To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has never been in a fight, ever. Do you call one roundhouse kick to the face a fight?
There are two types of people in the world... people that suck, and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
If you were somehow able to land a punch on Chuck Norris your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?
70% of a human's weight is water. 70% of Chuck Norris' weight is his dick.
Jean-Claude Van Damme once kicked Chuck Norris' ass. He was then awakened from his dream by a roundhouse kick to the face.
The pie scene in "American Pie" is based on a dare Chuck Norris took when he was younger. However, in Chuck Norris' case, the "pie" was the molten crater of an active volcano.
Chuck Norris uses 8'x10' sheets of plyboner as toilet paper.
Chuck Norris was able to find and read [http://www.xkcd.com/404/ comic #404]
Chuck Norris is his own operating system. He needs no security patches. He finds vulnerabilities in others. He files no bug reports.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to sudo to make you to make a sandwich for him.
Chuck Norris stole Randal Munroe's ability to draw. That's why most of xkcd is stick figures.
Chuck Norris changed the blogocube to a blogosphere.
Chuck Norris can use his fist as his SSH key. His foot is his GPG key.
Don't bother trying to fix a segmentation fault. 
Chuck Norris won the [http://xkcd.com/381/ Mobius Battle].
Chuck Norris is an insane build environment.
Chuck Norris can bend light. With his bare hands.
God said "Let there be life." and Chuck Norris said "Say please."
In war, Chuck Norris doesn't wear armor, the armor wears him for protection.  And he always survives
Chuck Norris doesn't read, he just stares the book down untill it tells him what he wants.
Hey, did you know Chuck Norris has been dead for three years? Death is just afraid to tell him.
Chuck Norris will live forever because, lets face it, Heaven doesn't want him, and Hell is afraid he'll take over.
There is no chin under Chuck Norris's beard, only another fist
What there was before the Big Bang? R: Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is the only known man that can kill himself and still survive
The only person who can surf through all youtube viral video without getting Rick Roll'd is Chuck Norris
Only Chuck Norris can be more invisible than the Predator.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear sun-screen. The sun wears Chuck-screen.
Death once had a "Near Chuck Norris Experience."
Two thinks are certain in life. The fact that one day Chuck Norris will kill you and taxes.
Chuck Norris dosent use airplanes to get to other countries, he just jumps from one continent to another.
Chuck Norris' saliva is used to euthanize Komodo dragons.
People talk about what a bad ass Chuck Norris is and I just don't get it . I think it's all made up. To me he is just a regular just a minute someone at the the door...
Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, liquor, sexual intercourse, and football-- in that order.
Chuck Norris knew Palpatine was a Sith Lord all along.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim on land
Chuck Norris eats 10 eggs daily.
America's next top model is really a competition of who gets to have Chuck Norris's child.
Freddy fazbear and his friends dont scare Chuck Norris.....Chuck norris beats up Freddy and his friends.
Only a very few people are capable of water skiing on thier barefeet. Chuck Norris can water ski on his bare face.
When Chuck Norris air guitars, you can hear it playing. If you cannot - your death is imminent.
Chuck Norris will kill Vicente Naverette
According to Chuck Norris the translation of "hors d'oeuvres" to english is "whores ovaries".
9 out of the last 10 women that had sex with Chuck Norris died from lethal injection. The other one died from throbbing penal asphyxiation.
Bullets dodge Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris was in the Congo and encountered a cannibal. With one piercing look from his steely eyes, Chuck turned him into a vegetarian. Permanently.
Chuck Norris once loaned the dinosaurs money. They never payed him back.
Chuck Norris can dicieve his own mind!
Chuck Norris dung glows in the dark and emits a barely audible hum.
Chuck Norris once won on the TV reality show, Top Chef, by microwaving a corncob.
Chuck Norris is the reason the penguins live in Antarctica.
Chuck Norris has only vomited once. It was a giant ball of 100% pussy hair.
in the movie dodgeball when Chuck Norris gave the thumbs up all bets were off for stiller...... Chuck Norris cannot tell a lie
Chuck Norris taught Michael Jackson how to moonwalk.
God help anyone who attends a Chuck Norris poetry slam.
Chuck Norris once went skydiving and his parachute failed to open. So the next day he returned it for a refund.
your mom by Chuck Norris that
Chuck Norris doesn't use keys, he always kicks the door in.
when the incredible hulk gets mad, he turns to Chuck Norris
CHUCK NORRIS ONCE DONE THE SPLITS ON 2 VAN DAMMES
Chuck Norris invented piles as a way to keep people from sitting on his chair
Chuck Norris once donated a pint of blood to a cancer patient. We know that cancer patient now as Superman.
The first mutant was Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris' pet snail can go 50 mph and that's only it's jogging speed.
the reason for the boarder patrol isn't to keep illegal immigrants out because we don't want them. it to keep them out so Chuck Norris doesn't kill the for trespassing
Chuck Norris once won a D 1 Drifting Championship by driving a smart car with no motor,tranny,wheels or tires...come to think of it he was merely running sidways while making scretching noises
Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum balls. he chews bowling balls.
When night falls in the forest, the darkness gets afraid of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can smell Uranas. He can also smell your anus. And with only one roundhouse kick, he can make your anus look like Uranas.
Chuck Norris easily on the latest 'Iron Chef America' contest when he prepared and served the judges a knuckle sandwich loaded with C-4.
Chuck Norris won the 2011 Las Vegas Blackjack tournament by taking 22 hits on his last hand.
Chuck Norris' submarine is full of semen.
How do you know when Chuck Norris has been in your house? You are now homeless. And, more often than not, dead.
Chuck Norris defines, then defies the laws of physics.
BB guns are considered nonlethal weapons...except when in the hands of Chuck Norris.
Once, while experiencing an episode of ironic humor, Chuck Norris drowned an elephant in a vat of peanut oil.
In celebration of this, Chuck Norris fact #5,000, Sir Chuck Norris, Phd, gave himself a rare afternoon off. He spent it by breaking into the White House and scaring the shit out of Barack again. He loves to do that.
Chuck Norris was never born; he just decided to exist.
If you see Chuck Norris fighting a bear, don't help Chuck Norris, help the bear. "
Drugs score Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris died and lived to tell the tale!
Eminem Sings about a Tornado meeting a Volcano, However we all know this is what happened when Chuck Norris created god.
Chuck Norris can consume an entire 25-piece bucket of KFC in under a minute.
the only time Chuck Norris will cry is in 2012, when he's not the one killing everybody.
Chuck Norris roundhoused a hole in the roof of Cowboys Stadium so that God can watch his favorite team play.
Chuck Norris can lick his own elboe.
Chuck Norris eats testoster O's for breakfast every morning
The band still played on while the Titanic was sinking because Chuck Norris stayed on deck to watch them.
Many a cowboy has ridden a brahma bull barebacked. Chuck Norris has ridden many a grizzly bear bullbacked.
Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris can sky dive from the ground into the plane.
Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks: "Do you want fries with that?". Because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't want fries with anything. Ever.
Chuck Norris is a world-class landmine-stomper.
HI IM CHRIS AND MAUNDERS JIZZED ON MY NECK LOL, I GOT PWNED ON COD6 BY JOHNSON !!! I LIKE GAY SEX WITH CHUCK NORRIS,! FUCKIN HARDEST GUY IN ROCHDALE HERE 2K9
Chuck Norris doesn't get ready for work in the morning. Work gets ready for Chuck Norris.
will weston has no balls hes a fucking hermaphrodite. Chuck Norris hates hermaphrodites
Once, while dining in a fancy New York restaurant, Chuck Norris discovered a fly in his soup. There were no survivors.
Seconds after you read this joke, Chuck Norris will appear, kill you, your family, and your pets, then he'll go eat some Carl's Jr; and that's just the way it is.
Chuck Norris was born right when Germany started losing World War 2. COINCIDENCE?!!!!!!!!!
Chuck Norris round housed a NFL replacement ref, and the others begged the real refs to come back
How come so many Godzilla movies were made? Because they never hired Chuck Norris to kill him off once and for all.
CHUCK NORRIS COULD BEAT UP WILL MCCULLOUGH WITH IIF HE WAS HELLEN KELLER.
Chuck Norris made Twisted Sister take it some more.
Chuck Norris has a fire crotch. Really, there is fire down there. His deadly Roundhouse is a result of him trying to put out the blaze.
The flu takes a Chuck Norris shot every year
Chuck Norris visited this website before. But he didn't submit a fact, he looked all 8616 facts. That includes this fact.
Chuck Norris can't feel pain because pain is afraid of him.
Life is like a brutal Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. It's more spectacular than you will ever know.
Whiteboards are white because Chuck Norris scared them that way.
Chuck Norris walked past Uasin Bolt who was running the 100m... on the day that he broke the world record
Scientists have discovered the most stable method of measuring time. They call it Chuck Norris's&#65279; heartbeat.
There is a Chuck Norris fact number zero, but those who read it will get blind because that was Chuck Norrir's first created by Chuck Norris himself.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a shadow anymore because he roundkicks a wall if it appears
Chuck Norris can make a stop sign start.
Chuck Norris once stumbled upon a website with random facts about himself. Although he was flattered, he sent an email to each person who submitted an untrue fact. Upon opening the email, a leather cowboy boot came through each computer screen and roundhouse kicked everyone within a 30 meter radius.
Chuck Norris invented the female multiple orgasm.
Old Faithful is Chuck Norris' drainpipe
Whoever said "Close enough only works for horseshoes and hand grenades" obviously never witnessed what happens to people within a mile of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris saw a dick on TV1000!
Various pieces of the official Lego Chuck Norris set have choked a record number of kids.
There's three poles in the world. The North Pole, The South Pole, and Chuck Norris' Pole
Chuck Norris will never kill any man that is wearing a red toupee unless it looks better than his.
Chuck Norris was ask to join the cast of The Exspendables, but once Stallone offered Chuck the part.... he did a roundhouse kick, and said with a grin.. Sly you know as well as anyone.. Chuck Norris is not expendable.
Chuck Norris is the 'ow' in the word 'now'.
Chuck Norris killed both Biggie AND 'Pac
Chuck Norris does not need antispam. Spam needs anti-Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't pass feces. He literally scares the shit out of himself.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear sunscreen when he is in the sun. The Sun wears Chuck Norris Screen.
Chuck Norris isn't a cannibal, because he is actually a superior species. So next time he devours a family member, don't be upset, just remember this is just the beautiful cycle of nature.
Chuck Norris smokes crack addicts.
Every pet Chuck Norris has owned could shoot laser beams out of there eyes
When Chuck Norris wants bacon, he roundhouse kicks a pig until it is dead.
The topsoil in Chuck Norris' front yard is 40 percent human teeth.
The big bang theory: Chuck Norris winning a arm wrestle with godd
Chuck Norris went cliff diving off the coast of Sumatra in 2004. The rest is history.
I like this website alot, but im just warning you guys might have to shut it down soon... Chuck Norris is gonna have a few "words" is he ever learns you guys added a letter to his name..
When Chuck Norris takes a crap this is what's called an earthquake.
When Chuck Norris is asked the question "Ginger or Mary Ann?", he chuckles and replies, "Had 'em both!"
Why so serious? Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris walked into a catholic church. He was asked by parents to piss in the holy water so their children could be baptized.
When is Chuck Norris annoyed with you, he will cut your head and throw it to your face.
The Incas used to sacrifice their most beautiful women to the Sun God. The Sun God was their title for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was recently asked if he was able to multi task. Chuck said "most certainly, a guy mouthed off to me at the grocery store so I bitch slapped him then I pimp slapped him".
Chuck Norris never "raises the roof". he lowers the floor.
Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
When singing 99 bottles of beer on the wall, Chuck Norris takes one down and doesn't pass it around.
Chuck Norris owns a playstation 360
Chuck Norris once beat a ghost to life.
There is no such thing as a Chuck Norris joke, only facts.
Chuck Norris was expelled from the third grade for knocking up his teacher. For the second time.
Chuck Norris can actually shoot a breeze
War of The Worlds was actually a documentary- all the aliens died out after Chuck Norris dealt with them.
Chuck Norris can hear colors....
Chuck Norris won the world jump roping championships, and as a literal handicap, he did it in a wheelchair. Next year he plans to try it on crutches!
Chuck Norris invented bacon by throwing a pig through a chain-link fence.
Chuck Norris invented beef jerky by throwing a bull through a chain-link fence.
When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
Chuck Norris' picture is on the Billion dollar bill.
Chuck Norris talked to himself in his mother's womb.
God said to the world, "Let there be light!" Chuck Norris said, "Say Please"
Chuck Norris eats soup with a fork.
The International Monetary Fund is in debt to Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris didn't like this joke, so he deleted it by roundhouse kicking it.
When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he demands oranges and gets them.
As President Roosevelt said: "We have nothing to fear but fear itself. And Chuck Norris."
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
The real reason why the Titanic sunk was because Chuck Norris was swimming under water and crashed into the Titanic by accident.
Chuck Norris went back in time, to show himself how to go back in time in case he ever needed to go back in time
Chuck Norris is the undisputed lord and master of trampoline sex.
Santa Claus attaches his sleigh to Chuck Norris's jumping side kick.
When Chuck Norris goes into a bar, he likes to have his whiskey mixed with a little 72 oz. steak, five bullet fired fresh from an AK 47, piss from an agitated rattle snake and a slice of lemon. He squirts the lemon juice directly in his eyes before drinking the entire thing of whiskey, yelling, "CHUCK NORRIS HORNY!!" and then killing everyone in the bar with his overgrown mammoth of a penis.
When Chuck Norris goes hiking in a rainforest, it is then known as a painforest.
If you ever dare to 'axe' Chuck Norris a question, he will 'axe' your forehead.
'Icy-Hot' is too weak for Chuck Norris. After a workout, Chuck Norris rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA.
When you ask Chuck Norris a question, you'd better be ready to have an answer shoved all the way up your dick hole
Chuck Norris once made an egg lay a chicken.
Chuck Norris can actually "hold up" a bank...with one finger.
A person tried to assasinate Chuck Norris. When he shot the bullet, a person died. The person? The one with the gun.
The current stock market crash began when Chuck Norris faxed a Roundhouse kick to Wall Street
Chuck Norris' favourite alcohol is Johnny Walker: Texas Ranger
In fact John of Saw doesn't play a game with people for fun, he was just doing what is mentioned in Chuck Norris biggest game to save his ass.
When bored and just for shits and giggles, Chuck Norris likes to walk around skid row with hundred dollar bills hanging out of his pockets.
Chuck Norris has never been accused of murder for the simple fact that his roundhouse kicks are recognized world-wide as "acts of God."
Chuck Norris favorite artist is Celine Dion. No homo.
The square root of Chuck Norris is pain. Do not try to square Chuck Norris, the result is death.
The truth doesn't hurt Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris hurts the truth.
Chuck Norris is like a dog, not only because he can smell fear, but because he can piss on whatever he wants.
Chuck Norris was so pissed, he accidently hit something that borke the moon.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool Chuck Norris once and he will roundhouse kick you in the face.
Chuck Norris was issued his first driver's license at the age of 16...seconds.
Chuck Norris called himself Walker because he doesn't need to run to catch all the bandits.
Superman's weakness wasn't kryptonite. It was Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris knows that climate change is bullshit. Chuck Norris changes the climate however he damn well pleases.
Meteors are actually people blazing down to Earth after having been roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris into space for telling bad jokes about him.
Chuck Norris's wife had a baby,he did all the breast feeding!
Chuck Norris opens beer bottles with the nearest person's anus.
Confucius say wise man not face front of bull, not face back of mule, not face Chuck Norris.
The most beautiful and lush chord ever heard by the human ear is created by Chuck Norris simply dropping his dick onto a piano keyboard.
Chuck Norris was orginally casted as the main character for salt but then they changed it to Angelia Jolie, look at her face now.
A Jehovah witness once knocked on Chuck Norris door. Chuck Norris let the Jehovah witness into the house and then roundhouse kicked him out the window. The man tried to sue Chuck Norris for assault but could not prove anything since there was no witnesses.
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Chuck Norris' passport is his face.
Chuck Norris despises the color yellow, and can stand it for only about 12 hours at a time. Which is why the sun hides daily.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
In a paper due out soon, Stephen Hawking has proven that Chuck Norris exists in every universe, multiverse, and every dimension. There is no escaping Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris gargles with sulfuric acid.
Chuck Norris doesn't get crabs... he gets lobsters
Unlike a Timex, Chuck Norris' opponents take a licking and they don't keep on ticking.
Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn eyes off.
Chuck Norris once had a staring contest with Rambo, that is why Sylvester Stallone looks mildly retarded
Chuck Norris doesn't play the lottery, he wins it.
Life's a bitch, and then Chuck Norris bangs yours.
Chuck Norris asked his nurse to help him go take a piss. Chuck just had surgery and his Doctor told him not to lift anything over 10 pounds.
Chuck Norris starred in all the 6 Star Wars&#65279; films... as the Force.
Chuck Norris once mistook your grandma with being a ninja. She is now 50 billion light years in space.
I love Chuck Norris. He was a crazy mother&#65279; picking a fight with Oak Tree.
Chuck Norris won the first americas got talent by just saying his name.
In "Wanted Dead Or Alive", the lyric "I've seen a million faces, and rocked them all" is dedicated to Chuck Norris. Of course, the word 'rocked' is an euphemism for 'roundhose-kicked'.
Chuck Norris once rappelled 12,000 ft. down a mountain cliff to save a baby eagle chick that had fallen from its nest. After he returned the chick to its nest, the mother eagle flew in carrying a dead rabbit. Chuck Norris killed her instantly with a karate chop for being neglectful and threw her feathered carcass off the cliff. Then he ripped the rabbit apart with his teeth and lovingly fed the eagle chick mouth to beak. Chuck Norris is epic.
During Osama's autopsy, study shows that a US Navy Seal did not kill Osama. Chuck Norris created a roundhouse kick so powerful, it traveled faster than the speed of light and striking through the head of Bin Laden by a mere 5 seconds faster than the US Navy Seals bullet.
If Chuck Norris ever starred in Jaws, the movie would be called: "Dentures".
Chuck Norris has a savings and a Chucking account
Chuck Norris can pick a lock with once of his own nostril hairs
Chuck Norris got into a fight with himself... and won
In a tagteam match, Chuck Norris was teamed with Hulk Hogan against King Kong Bundy and Andre The Giant. He pinned all 3 at the same time.
The A-Team originally was to have only 1 member: Chuck Norris. But when NBC couldn't meet Chuck's salary demands, they had to replace him with the quartet of B.A., Face, Hannibal and Murdock.
While playing Rock Band, Chuck Norris can play air drums and still hit the notes. Going into overdrive without telling him, he instantly gives you a round house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris invented manure spreaders.
Chuck Norris does not dodge bullets, bullets dodge him out of fear.
Chuck Norris has never blinked in his entire life. Never.
James Bond's license to kill was issued by Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is all about that roundhouse kick, bout that roundhouse kick. No punches.
Hot news from the Vatican...white smoke appears. Chuck Norris has been elected Pope! All ye of faith, welcome Pope Charles deNoir-iz Kikyorectumis.
Why did the chicken cross the road ? Wouldn't you if Chuck Norris was on your Ass ?
To err is human. To forgive is divine. To kill is Chuck Norris.
A blind man once stepped on Chuck Norris' shoe. Chuck Norris asked, "Don't you know who I am? I'M CHUCK NORRIS !!!!!" The mere mention of his name cured the man of his blindness. Sadly the first, last, and only thing this man ever saw, was a fatal roundhouse delivered by Chuck Norris. DONT FUCK WITH CHUCK !
E=MC2 actually means EVERYTHING = Mr. CHUCK NORRIS CHUCK NORRIS!
Chuck Norris was the first super sayian
If you look at your birth certificate it says Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris created his own language with signs such as roundhouse kicking people in the face. So if Chuck Norris is kicking your ass one day, he may just be saying that he likes your hat.
When Chuck Norris frowns, every human within 3 miles turns inside-out.
The eye of Chuck Norris' penis is all seeing, all knowing.
Plato got his facts wrong. It was Chuck Norris that destroyed Atlantis.
Chuck Norris can stop a red light!
Chuck Norris sleeps with a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris skipped all grades simultaneously, including college. When he was two.
Chuck Norris ate a brownie once
Chuck Norris once punched Jean-Claude Van Damme in his career.
Chuck Norris has a large, curved talon on each foot, much like the Velociraptor.
Chuck Norris don't play that shit.
Once, back in 1961, Chuck Norris visited the Kennedy's at their riding stables near Martha's Vineyard. It was there where he helped Jack off a horse.
Chuck Norris knows how to get to Sesame Street
Chuck Norris does not navigate through a corn maze... The corn merely realigns itself in chucks favor out of fear of being roundhouse kicked in the head!
Mighty Mouse often sang "Here I Come to Save the Day!" The next and little-known line of that song was "Because Chuck Norris Has My Back!"
Chuck Norris doesn't give a fuck if the glass is half empty or half full. He's still gonna round house kick you in the face.
Everytime you masterbate, Chuck Norris punches a Mexican baby in the face
When he was four, Chuck Norris could use his Etch-A-Scetch like an iPad.
The atomic bomb is actually made of a contained Chuck Norris fart.
Once while on an Amazon River piranha fishing trip in remote Brazil, Chuck Norris happened upon a native village of cannibals. They are all now vegan and homeless.
Chuck Norris's programs can pass the Turing Test by staring at the interrogator.
Chuck Norris doesn't bend light.... he breaks it.
Chuck Norris participated in the 2005 home run derby, he has yet to receive the "Golden Ball".
Chuck Norris doesn't wear sunscreen when he is in the sun. The Sun wears Chuck Norris Screen.
Rocks get stuck between a hard place, and Chuck Norris.
The real reason dinosaurs are extenct is because Chuck Norris went back in time.
The only question: Does Chuck Norris have to choke a bitch?
Chuck Norris became the first man to fly two jumbo jets using only the heels of his boots. He performed this terrifying stunt without the merest drop of perspiration registering on his granite features.
Chuck Norris has more subscribers than Pewdiepie.
Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
It was actually Chuck Norris who gave Halle Berry the vanilla fever.
Chuck Norris has already clocked Grand Theft Auto 6.
One day Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a building killing thousands of people while drinking a diet coke on a sunny day.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked this fact.
If you find yourself between a rock and a hard place, you are probably between Chuck Norris' foot and a brick wall.
When Chuck Norris claps his hands, the sun turns off.
If you don't want to die alone, take a friend with you to Chuck Norris' house.
Steven Seagal crossed the road because Chuck Norris stuffed Seagal's head up a chicken's ass.
It's been discovered that the best possible weapon to have when the zombies come is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has a twin brother. He is known as Satan.
If he wanted to, Chuck Norris could give himself a barium enema with his own dick.
Chuck Norris doesn't 'give you a wedgie'; he slices you in half with your own underwear.
Chuck Norris jumped out of the fire into a bigger fire, Chuck Norris doesn't need a frying pan
Chuck Norris is the only man to swim the entire length of the Amazon. He swam all 4048 miles in 7 days.
Adobe Flash runs on Chuck Norris' iPhone.
Chuck Norris' black belt is blacker than the inside of Wilt Chamberlain's leather-lined coffin on a moonless midnight.
Chuck Norris can revolve a wooden door
In Left 4 Dead: If you startle the witch she runs to you and kills you. If Chuck norris startle the witch she tries to run away but always ends up being raped and roundhouse kicked to death
if curiosity killed the cat, Chuck Norris reincarnated it
Chuck Norris doesnt flush his toilet, he scares the shit out of it.
50,000 years ago Chuck Norris destroyed the dinosaurs. Now... HE'S COMING FOR YOU!!!
A Chuck Norris divided against himself can still stand.
Chuck Norris has six assholes. And even he will need them all to shit enough corn & peanuts infused feces on the U.S. House of Representatives.
Atlantis is at the bottom of the Atlantic, because that's where Chuck Norris put it.
Gatsby was merely adequate before he got Chuck Norris' approval.
When you are in a dire situation, just think to yourself "What would Chuck Norris do?" Needless to say, you then give up, because you cant do what Chuck Norris does.
When the Hulk sees Chuck Norris, he turns back into Bruce Banner.
Mickey Mouse wears a Chuck Norris watch.
If you find Chuck Norris while playing hide and seek, you lose.
Chuck Norris showed Paloma Faith that roundhouse kicks also hurt like love.
Chuck Norris has hepatitis A through Z.
Chuck Norris was the only kid at the beach who could actually catch the seagulls.
Chuck Norris is the reason Jehovah needed a witness.
When Chuck Norris says 'pull my finger', consider that a polite warning that you very soon will be atomized.
Chuck Norris can fix stupid with duct tape but he prefers to fix it with a roundhouse kick to stupid's face.
Chuck Norris uses epoxy resin instead of KY jelly.
Chuck Norris' beard is actually made out of liquid metal. He can instantly stab you with it.
9/11 wasn't caused by terrorists, Chuck Norris got a toy air plane and GI Joes
Chuck Norris can run so fast, he can actually shoot an apple off of his own head
The limit of Chuck Norris as he approaches infinity does not exist because Chuck Norris has no limits.
Chuck Norris stomped on King Kong. After that, King Kong became Alvin Seville.
When Chuck Norris' F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet was struck by a ground to air missle, he ejaculated over Pakistan.
Someone once told Chuck Norris his hair looked good. He roundhouse kicked him in the face and told him that he made the hair look good.
Chuck Norris discovered a new planet by simply pointing into the night sky and saying "there's one".
For some their body is a temple, for Chuck Norris, his body is a full on religion!
Tiger Woods is the Chuck Norris of golf.
"It works on my machine" always holds true for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris's beard is the eigth wonder of the world.
When E.F. Hutton spoke, people listened. That's because his friend Chuck Norris was ready to throttle any dumbass who wasn't paying attention.
All e-mail from Chuck Norris is preceded by this warning: Open at your own risk. Enough said.
Chuck Norris has only sneezed twice. He felt bad about Hiroshima and Nagasaki, so now he holds in his sneezes. Every time he does, a universe in an alternate dimension explodes.
Once at a college frat party, Chuck Norris copleted a 2 1/2 gainer in tuck position from a chandelier into a punch bowl.
It has been said that Chuck Norris has "the eye of the tiger". He also has the eyes of a badger, a tarantula, a komodo dragon. an octopus, 3 bald eagles and an aardvark. He keeps them all in a Claussen dill pickle jar hidden under his bed for safe keeping.
The instant Chuck Norris came out of his mother, his first words were, "Which one of you motherfuckers is Julius Caesar?" The senators took the rap for him.
A Chuck Norris ejaculation makes the "Old Faithful Geyser" look like post-nasal drip.
Chuck Norris discovered a new species of butterfy. The aptly named Chucknorrriscus Mortalitas (striking butterfly of death). It goes high into the air and takes a dramatic dive to crash into a human skull, literally splitting it open, giving the human only a few seconds to live after that. Then, it feeds on the human brain.
mortal kombat is not a video game, it is a home video of Chuck Norris's 5th birthday party
Chuck Norris' beard's beard's beard has a beard
If Chuck Norris was a beverage, he would be a big gulp, because that's what people would when faced by him.
Chuck Norris put Lysol out of business, he kills odor too
Full-powered Chuck Norris attacks are the second ingredient in Taco Bell ground beef.
Chuck Norris once cast a fishing line into the Atlantic Ocean and caught 243 fish...then the hook hit the water
Chuck Norris got a Big Mac at Subway
Chuck Norris forced the Beatles to change the lyrics to many of their songs, including "All You Need Is Chuck", "Hey Jude (Chuck Norris Fathered You)" "I Am Chuck's Walrus" and "Everybody's Got Something To Hide Except Chuck Norris".
Michael Jackson denied Chuck Norris' facebook friend request on June 25, 2009...you never deny Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once visited with the Cherokee Nation Tribal Council. It was there that Chief Running Wolf presented him the honorary Native American name of: Chuck Norris.
They can only measure the speed of light because it is exactly half the speed of Chuck Norris' fists.
Chuck Norris really wants to hurt Boy George.
Chuck Norris is a certifiable badass. That's right, he's got a certificate.
"Chuck Norris can satisfy a woman by pointing at her with his finger and saying "Booya" "
Fred Long won the Oscar for Best Costume Design for Invasion USA, for providing Chuck Norris with tight jeans.
Chuck Norris was the original star for the movie Pacific Rim. The director had to fire Chuck when he continued to single handedly kick the shit out of the Kijus.
Chuck Norris has a bear rug in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just too scared to move.
Chuck Norris can do a round house kick on his knees.
Chuck Norris' penis can shoot like a AR-15. well damn i wish i had 1 of those penises.
The epic impact of Chuck Norris hitting puberty made ripples in the fabric of reality that are still causing spontaneous female orgasms to this day.
Chuck Norris bought a double cheeseburger from McDonalds on the dollar menu for 2 dollars. He then proceeded to round house kick the cashier
John Denver wrote "Thank God I'm A Country Boy" when Chuck Norris moved to the city.
Chuck Norris is a one army guy and he won world war 1 and he didint use a gun!!!
The closest Chuck Norris has come to getting his ass kicked was when he gave himself a dirty look in the mirror.
Unlike a Timex, Chuck Norris' opponents take a licking and they don't keep on ticking.
Any communicable disease passed by Chuck Norris can kill you, including the common cold.
Chuck Norris trained his pet mountain lions to nurse baby sheep and later fed them back to the mountain lions thus perpetuating mountain lion existence.
CHUCK NORRIS AND DUX ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE TO EVER SURVIVE THE CHAMBERS GRIP / CHAMBERS LIGHTER PUNCH !!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG
Doctor's slap babies because their NOT Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Chuck Norris killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy.
Chuck Norris has 786397348052577686876845967 experience points on Minecraft. It has probably already increased.
when Chuck Norris goes shopping he doesnt go shopping for clothes, he goes shopping for @ss h*les
Chuck Norris got a Big Mac at Subway
All science students maybe aware about the fact that picochuck is the unit of manliness in the International System of Units (SI). An average man measures about 0.00073 pc. Chuck Norris measures 39,372 petachucks.
It is not the final countdown Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it and made it the first
Chuck Norris made Minute Maid lemonade in 59 seconds
Chuck Norris can stare at you so hard your brains will start to drip out of your nostris.
Facebook was originally Chuck Norris's personal webpage of pictures of the people he has roundhouse kicked in face.It filled up with so many people it leaked onto the internet.
If you put a thousand monkeys in a room with a thousand typewriters for a thousand years, Chuck Norris will beat the ever-loving SHIT outta you.
Chuck Norris can swallow a bannana and make you look gay.
While we drink coffee in the morning, Chuck Norris drinks jet fuel.
Chuck Norris can punch you in the face via messenger pidgeon
Harry potter is Chuck Norris's love child
The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
God helps those who help themselves. Chuck Norris slaughters lazy assholes by the thousand.
Chuck Norris' blood type is diesel
Fifty Shades Of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris gets more ass than a toilet seat at the Irritable Bowel Syndrome Sufferer's annual national convention
how much wood would a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was Chuck Norris...all of it...and them some.
You can lead a horse to water, but Chuck Norris can make him eat Tequila jello shots.
Chuck Norris once knocked himself out with his own line drive when he slid into second.
Chicken tastes like Chuck Norris
Keep calm and carry on. Or Chuck Norris will kill you.
Chuck Norris is why Alfred E. Neuman should worry.
Today is Chuck Norris' birthday. But he does not age.
Spongebob is Chuck Norris' old lufa.
y bruce lee defeated himjust because he was figting agains Chuck Norris shadow.we know , Chuck Norris can jump over shadow
Chuck Norris never delivers a 'coup de grace' - that's a queer French term. He just kills you.
King Kong was the pet of Chuck Norris
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus... and yes, damn right Chuck Norris has a massive penis.
If you play the theme from Walker: Texas Ranger backwards, the universe will implode. That's why Chuck Norris once recommended that nobody ever do that, in his intimidating baritone.
Chuck Norris' accent wears a tuxedo.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out, the turtle was six feet tall and had learned karate.
Chuck Norris has a Ford F-1450 pickup that spans 4 lanes of traffic. The license plate has the entire St. Crispin's Day speech from Henry V on it.
Drugs score Chuck Norris.
NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :),
Dimonds are tears solidified from when Chuck Norris was a baby.
Chuck Norris can pause a movie at the cinema
Chuck Norris hates to piss in a urinal because the porcelain to too cold.
they once made Chuck Norris toilit paper but there was a problem Chuck Norris doesnt take crap
Nominate Chuck Norris for the new Secretary of Defense!
Why did bruce lee dress up like Chuck Norris in Enter the Dragons? Becase bruce lee was to scared to face Chunk Norris the lee is.
Chuck Norris was at a restaurant when the waitress asked if he would like to try their Tofu. Chuck said "lady, I'd rather piss upwind in a hurricane".
Steven Segal onece challenged Chuck Norris to a fight, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face. this is why Steven Segal talks funny
Chuck Norris invented walking in slow motion with explosions behind him.
Chuck Norris' programs never exit, they terminate.
Chuck Norris isn't really a Texas Ranger, although mentioning such blasphamy in a bar setting will undoubtably start a riot. I highly recomend trying it out if you have balls 1/8th the size of Chuck's.
The chemical formula for the highly toxic cyanide ion is CN-. These are also Chuck Norris' initials. This is not a coincidence.
If you dare to eat a bowl Chuck Norris' homemade Texas Hot Chile and later take a dump, you'll need to wipe your ass with a snow cone.
Remember the big bang theory, that day Chuck Norris got pissed.
Chuck Norris taught a young Tiger Woods everything about golf in a single lesson. Unfortunatly, Woods also caught a dose of Norris' enormous sex drive.
When Chuck Norris uses a bathroom, he can stink it out for up to twenty-three years. Many around America's south have been turned into tourist attractions.
A life-sized sculpture of Chuck Norris' genitals was sold for a world record price at a recent auction
Mr. T threw a punch and Chuck Norris met his punch with a round house kick....... The result was the 80's.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice
Chuck Norris' balls make cold water shrink.
Chuck Norris doesn't get morning wood, he gets morning Redwood!
Chuck Norris has concealed weapons permits, so he can wear gloves.
Never say that your life is hard... Chuck Norris wakes up with a dick harder than your pathetic life
When Chuck Norris goes for a swim in the ocean, sharks try to punch him in the nose to avoid being attacked.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard that he can actually alter your DNA. Decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and yell, "What the hell was that?"
Chuck Norris can look into infinity and see the back of his own head.
Who are the gay dudes talking shit about Chuck Norris?
There is no sex scenes in Chuck Norris movies because, lets face it, no female stunt double will survive a session with him.
Chuck Norris doesn't feel your pain... he causes it
Chuck Norris head may be in the clouds but his round house kick is in the back of your face.
The moment were you dont capitalize CHUCK NORRIS is the moment when Chuck Norris decides that your dieing at that very moment.... But this is only possible if you havent pissed CHUCK NORRIS off already... Because you would already be dead.
Chuck Norris does not need antispam. Spam needs anti-Chuck Norris
The big bang theory: Chuck Norris winning a arm wrestle with godd
Chuck Norris can put a fruit pastel in his mouth without chewing it
If at first you do not succeed.......you are not Chuck Norris
Ever wonder how bacon was created? Chuck Norris karate chopped a pig so many times so all that was left were thin strips of meat. He then cooked them with his fire breathing ability and so bacon was invented. His beard suggested the name.
Guy walks up to Chuck Norris and says "Get a life". Chuck Norris says Okay . # 4089.
Chuck Norris chiseled Snoop Dog's snizzel.
Filming on location for Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris brought a stillborn baby lamb back to life by giving it a prolonged beard rub. Shortly after the farm animal sprang back to life and a crowd had gathered, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the animal, breaking its neck, to remind the crew once more that Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away.
Chuck Norris's belly button does'nt collect lint, it collects steel wool.
Upon meeting Chuck Norris for the first time, always refer to your girlfriend as 'my humble offering'.
Chuck Norris can play funk bass with old cables from the golden gate bridge.
In stead of threatening to call child support whenever my dad wants to beat me, I threaten to call Chuck Norris.
In Hollywood, the abbreviation HD stands for Chuck Norris.
The upcoming Blade Runner: Definitive Edition has a newly-restored voice-over narration by Chuck Norris
It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. He went back in time and fathered himself.
Chuck Norris scrathes his balls with barb wire.
Chuck Norris fought the Law and Chuck won. No law can hold back Chuck Norris.
Some of the bands Chuck Norris formed when in high school - The Roundhouses, Death From Foot Left, Way Of The Dragon, The Chuck Norris Experience, Deathkill, Delta Force 3000, Sergent Norris' Rip Out Hearts Club Band, Norrisphere, Truckload O Chuck and Booya.
Chuck Norris was banned from the Winter Olympics because the judges didnt know how to score a double-lutz flip-axle roundhouse kick to the face!!
Chuck Norris can hear silence
Chuck Norris tried to crank that soulja boy but it wouldn't crank up
Chuck Norris can pick an apple off a orange tree and make the best damn lemonade you have ever had.
Chuck Norris' swiss army knife has over 9,000 seperate tools in it, including some that no human has ever seen before. And it's fucking american, not swiss.
Chuck Norris requires a recking ball to bowl
Chuck Norris attended last year's Nobel Prize ceremony wearing an all-white snakeskin pimp suit with matching widebrim hat and feather.
coyote vs road runner is just a performance how fast can Chuck Norris bip-iping
When Chuck Norris goes to a strip club, the strippers pay him before their performances.
CHUCK NORRIS CAN EAT WATER WITH A FORK
Chuck Norris once ordered pizza in McDonalds. He got it.
Chuck Norris was born when the roundhouse kicks were two minutes apart.
Ever known anyone who pissed off Chuck Norris and lived to tell about it? That is of course a trick question, as no one pisses off Chuck Norris and lives.
I used to think Chuck Norris was a great guy, then he had sex with my wife, now I think he is amazing!
Chuck Norris can sing with his feet and walk on his eyeballs.
Chuck Norris likes pie, deal with it.
When Chuck Norris vomits, wealthy people scavenge it for food. Too bad for them Chuck Norris never vomits.
Donkey Kong is Chuck Norris' dog.
That's not Chuck Norris doing push-ups, That's Chuck Norris moving the earth out of the path of a deadly asteroid.
The skidmarks in Chuck Norris' underwear are actual tyre-tracks.
dear 'fuckwillweston' i found ur comment rude so i thought id share with you that i fucked Chuck Norris n he loved it and i also fucked ur mum they both loved my big balls!!!
After Chuck Norris was born, he drove himself back home.
Chuck Norris turned down the role of Han Solo's father.
Chuck Norris' living room is a full-scale replica of the final level of Doom.
Chuck Norris can lick your tattoos off.
Chuck Norris doesn't have chest hairs: he has a series of venemous anemenites that, if sting you, can cause mental retardation
Chuck Norris is the reason The Chicken crossed the road.
Chuck Norris CAN see John Cena, and he still had honks he's a bitch.
Chuck Norris always lists his occupation as 'Chuck Norris'
Chuck Norris splits firewood with his shlong.
During WWII Chuck Norris was drafted into the Army. He mercilessly roundhouse kicked everyone to death including Ally soldiers. Their resting place is now known as Arlington Cemetery.
Hitler shot himself not because the Russians were in Berlin, but because he heard Chuck Norris had just volunteered for military service.
If you dont believe God exists, he doesnt believe you exist, and soon you should expect an explosive roundhouse kick to the face....(Chuck Norris is God.)
Chuck Norris' internet connection doesn't just use band width... It uses the whole orchestra.
The sun is afraid to look Chuck Norris directly in the eyes
Bill and Ted's excellent adventures were sponsored by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare; he only eats unicorns.
When God said, ''Let there be light''. Chuck Norris said ''Say Please''
SpongeBob SquarePants has been expunged by Chuck Norris.
When WeeMan joined the cast of Jackass, he was 6'1 1/2" tall. Then they had him try to give Chuck Norris a wedgie.
Chuck Norris can pull a hat out of a rabbit.
Chewbacca was inspired by the time Chuck Norris attended a Hollywood party in the mid-70's wearing only a bullet belt.
Michele Bachmann's face needed pastic surgery again after she called Chuck Norris' mother a social succubus for recieving social security payments that her husband & she paid into for 50 years.
Chuck Norris can stop the Stones from rolling.
Chuck Norris' penis can roundhouse kick the inside of a vagina
Chuck Norris is why Alfred E. Neuman should worry.
Chuck Norris once threw a hand grenade into a crowd of 50 people , killing everyone of them.....then the grenade went off.
If you ever use the expression 'it happens to the best of us' around Chuck Norris, get ready for something violent to happen to you.
Chuck Norris invented dark matter to fool scientists!
There's an old saying: what's good for the goose, is good for the gander. Conversly, what's good for Chuck Norris is most likely lethal to most mortals.
Chuck Norris went back in time and killed all his great-grandparents just to trip everybody out.
Chuck Norris can lick his own elbow
Chuck Norris can impregnate a woman over the phone
Chuck Norris can make a hockey puck dissolve in his mouth in less than 15 seconds.
Chuck Norris doesn't get crabs... he gets lobsters
Chuck Norris does not save people's cellphone numbers. If he wants to call He guesses the number and always guesses right Chuck Norris never learned to drive. He just knew it Chuck Norris farted once.It was the 6 august 1945 in hiroshima japan.During world war II. The media covered him up saying it was an atomic bomb My email adress is nmkauka@hotmail.com. I'm a humorist #A_Reason_To_laugh
Chuck Norris carries a list it's simple. 1.Kill and kill somemore
Leaving a criminal in the same room as Chuck Norris is considered cruel and unusual punishment.
The chicken crossed the road because of fear. Chuck Norris was behind him.
Somebody once witnessed Chuck Norris saw a mans head clean off, with a pillow!
Chuck Norris once killed an old man in his childhood.
The only reason why there is night is because the sun is hidding from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was surfing and came face to face with a huge Great White shark. The shark quickly swam away after sustaining a very serious Chuck Norris bite.
Jesus wears a bracelet that says wwcnd (what would Chuck Norris do?)
When Chuck Norris goes for a swim, the sharks panic. You wanna defy gravity? Let Chuck Norris give you a roundhouse. No Wait, no one "LETS" Chuck, he just does.
We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris got cut off in traffic, he rammed the offending car off the road, pulled the asshole out by his hair and slapped him to death with his schlong. Then he boned his wife on the hood of the car, in full view of passing motorists. Don't fuck with big Chuck.
People pray to God. God prays to Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris tracked down the most boring man in the world, punched him in the face, then ordered him to grow a beard and become an alcoholic.
in soviet russia, Chuck Norris still kicks but!
Chuck Norris attacks sharks when he's smells them bleed
Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with "obstruction of justice." This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
Chuck Norris once lit up a cigar in the Sahara Forest.
Chuck Norris is the best thing since sliced bread, which of course, was invented by by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris burst the dot com bubble.
Chuck Norris doesn't commit susicide, susicide commits him
Blackouts are caused by Chuck Norris charging his iPhone.
A decendant of Chuck Norris taught the Klingons how to fight. Chuck Norris found out about it last week & is pleased.
The Terminator said "I'll be back" He meant to say " I'll be back with Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris calls up Billy Ray Cyrus at least once a week to laugh at him.
Chuck Norris can't use Twitter, because he is doing everything, everywhere, all the time. It would break the Internet.
The is more than one way to skin a cat. Chuck Norris knows thousands. It was a childhood hobby
Women are magnetically drawn to Chuck Norris' wang. It's actually caused a number of horrible injuries.
Anton Chigurh (from No Country for Old Men) needed the money to pay Chuck Norris to spare his life.
If you are next to Chuck Norris then you will always have perfect cell phone reception
Eskimos club baby seals to death for their fur. Chuck Norris clubs Eskimos for their teeth. That's why you never see an Eskimo with teeth grinning.
Chuck Norris can 'cure' lesbianism simply by displaying his back hair.
Little-known fact: Lionel Richie wrote 'Dancing On The Ceiling' about the time he attended a Chuck Norris party where he reversed the gravity at his house for the night.
Chuck Norris once consumed a 40lb sack of rice in under 8 minutes... using a single chopstick.
When Chuck Norris Sleeps his nightmares become reality for all the world to see. Fortunately he never sleeps....ever.
Chuck Norris' birth certificate is a piece of lambskin with the words 'IT HAS BEGUN' written in blood.
When the master chief was punching grunts (from halo) Chuck Norris was destroying covenant carriers
For fun, Chuck Norris crab fishes in the Bearing Sea with just a snorkel and a laundry basket.
Chuck Norris reaches 11 on the Richter Scale, if you confront him and say it only goes to 10 you will recieve a roundhouse kick..which will reach 12.
When Chuck Norris wants bacon, he roundhouse kicks a pig until it is dead.
Chuck Norris makes a world famous tray of chocolate chip/macadamamia flavored Snickerdoodle cookies from his dingle berries and toe jam.
Chuck Norris doesn't go to the gas station. Chuck Norris goes to Jurassic Park.
Chuck Norris' anal sphincter has fangs.
Stare at Chuck Norris then give him a Mountain Dew to show your manly ...an also survived
Chuck Norris could tell you his secret, but theres 1 requirement. You must die.
at Chuck Norris's wedding the best man was the country of united states
Chuck Norris doesn't have a nervous system. He has a supremely tough and confident system.
Chuck Norris created "Where's Waldo?". He wasn't a fan of the name Waldo, so he round house kicked him in the face and no one has seen Waldo since...hence where's Waldo?
That damn dress is whatever color Chuck Norris says it is!
Chuck Norris has the eyes of an angel and the soul of a saint. He keeps them in a footlocker under his bed. "
Chuck Norris never uses parachutes when he skydives out of airplanes because they only slow him down.
Hitler shot himself not because the Russians were in Berlin, but because he heard Chuck Norris had just volunteered for military service.
Chuck Norris doesn't chop trees in minecraft to get wood, the trees just falls every time he's near them.
A man was freaking out and told his shrink he had seen deamons in the dark. Turns out he had just had the misfortune of running into Chuck Norris on a dark street corner.
damn u Chuck Norris no one watches faggot sam except my mom and micheal jackson
There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
Chuck Norris can shove a CD in his mouth and music will come out his ears.
The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
Chuck Norris CAN turn lead into gold.
During a recent talk show interview Chuck Norris was asked what he thought of Justin Bieber. Chuck said he thought Bieber was a waste of perfectly good toilet paper.
One day a man waves to Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris got mad and roundhouse kicked him in the face today we know him know as the elephant man.
Chuck Norris is so tough that he doesn't use the washing-machine. He beats the shit out of the clothes.
If Chuck Norris was the lead actor of Mission Impossible, the movie would've lasted 1 minute.
When Chuck Norris does the 'got your nose' thing to kids, it is horrific to behold.
Michelle Obama twerks only for Chuck Norris.
To Chuck Norris, rules and necks exist for the same reason; to be broken.
The DeathStar wasn't a destroying machine, it was one of Chuck Norris' balls.
Chuck Norris heartbeat was the cause of the 1906 earthquake
Chuck Norris can kill a man in a rap battle.
Every time that Chuck Norris speaks, the expansion of the Universe halts for a split second.
Got Chuck Norris???? You Better not.......
Chuck Norris often works out in public. He was spotted last week on Hwy 66 roundhouse kicking tornados as a warm up.
Chuck Norris once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed and eaten.
Chuck Norris can finish a fat Cuban cigar in a single massive drag. He will then crunch up and swallow the roach, and stare at you while slowly exhaling through his nostrils.
when he was a kid, Chuck Norris sold lemonade. and he charge a "arm and a leg" for it, literaly!
Anthrax is reverse-engineered from Chuck Norris' white blood cells and was originally called Chuckthrax.
Chuck Norris once was on a one man NFL team, he won the super bowl 4 times in a row on the same day
The most powerful malware that no anti-virus can quarantine is called Chuck Norris' roundhouse...
Many cinemas in the south-west feature sold-out all-night marathons of Chuck Norris' Total Gym infomercials.
Its always dark when Chuck Norris wakes up cause the sun dares not glare at Chuck Norris
in the game monopoly Chuck Norris doesnt cross go , go moves out the fucking way
The Catholic Church has offered Chuck Norris the position of Pope at least four times...even though Chuck Norris isn't Catholic.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet...He just scares the shit right out of it!
Q:Why did the chicken cross the road? Answer:To get on Chuck Norris's good side.
Chuck Norris invented facial piercings back in the 60's when he rammed a hippie head first into a fisherman's tackle box.
the reason for the boarder patrol isn't to keep illegal immigrants out because we don't want them. it to keep them out so Chuck Norris doesn't kill the for trespassing
Chuck Norris never cries, in fact he does the exact opposite. His eyes suck in other people's tears.
Chuck Norris started shaving at six months
Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle -- you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.
The reason were greatful for life is because Chuck Norris lets us lie
The Big Comfy Couch was made for Chuck Norris
If you can read this, your gonna die from Chuck Norris.
Someone once told Chuck Norris that a roundhouse kick is not the best kick. This has been noted in history as the worst mistake ever made.
MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips, but Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick his head through a wall and take it.
Chuck Norris' appendix has burst at least 15 times, but Chuck don't give a fuck.
One factory in Texas decided to motivate their employees by hanging posters of Chuck Norris with the message "Don't Piss Off Chuck -- Do Your Work." Production increased by 500% within 6 months.
Those closest to Chuck Norris will tell u that umm......well they would tell u much because the closest anybody has ever gotten to him is 650 yards.
Chuck Norris can push the trigger.
God said "Let there be light!" Chuck Norris said "Say please."
Hercules strangled two snakes in his crib when he was a baby. Chuck Norris strangled two elephants just mere seconds after birth using his own umbilical cord.
Chuck Norris is nothing compared to DavidV. DavidV drowned a guy in fire.
Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out.
The flu was down with a bad case of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so important he speaks in italics.
Chuck Norris once farted while holding a bic lighter between his bearded ass cheeks. The result is now known as the Atomic Bomb.
Ouija Boards have recently been re-designed to have 'CHUCK NORRIS' written in the center.
The meteor that blew up over Chelyabinsk was Chuck Norris's Valentine ejaculation to the women of Russia. It took 24 hours to get there from Lone Wolf Ranch, Texas.
Chuck Norris regularly performs mind tricks on Jedi Knights.
Chuck Norris made Russell Crowe cry.
Chuck Norris is so much if a man that he sees everybody as a woman
The International Monetary Fund is in debt to Chuck Norris
Multiple people have died from Chuck Norris giving them the finger.
Chuck Norris gives Red Bull wings
Chuck Norris actually has no beard. It's rust from his iron jaw
The formation of The Universe began when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the singularity.
A man once asked Chuck Norris, "what happens when an unstoppable force meets and immovable object?" Chuck Norris answered the question by punching himself in the face.
Chuck Norris once made a mirror break just by beating up a person in front of it
When Chuck Norris drives through a ghetto neighbourhood, he can make his Chevrolet truck appear much more "hip" than usual by pressing the "Swag" button on the dashboard.
Every-so-often Chuck Norris will cut a hole into a cement block and proceed to fuck it because he really enjoys "rough sex".
A good golfer can often make a 'birdie'. Better golfers frequently get an 'eagle'. Chuck Norris always gets a 'vulture'.
Chuck Norris toilet is made of stainless steel.
A school decided to motivate its students by putting up "Chuck Norris is Watching You" posters around the building. Within 2 months, discipline problems fell to zero and test scores went up 300%.
Chuck Norris watches the Watchmen.
When a biker falls while riding he gets a permanent case of road rash. When a ninja falls fighting Chuck Norris he gets a permanent case of Chuck rash.
Chuck Norris was origionally to be cast as Neo in The Matrix, but when they told him about the powers he would recieve, he laughed and said im Chuck Norris! He then proceeded to roundhouse kick the Warner Brother representatives and flying off to drink some beer and kick some random person's ass
Pauly D from Jersey Shore was at the Dance party where Chuck Norris invented the Electric Slide. His hair is now permanently stuck in a blowout position.
Jabba owes Chuck Norris money.
Chuck Norris spoke to Helen Keller on the phone
The second world war tank "sherman" was first named Chuck Norris, but he thought its not powerful enough for his name.Scientists are still working on a weapon that is powerful enough for his name.They are not even close.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, death just hasn't worked up the courage to tell him that.
Chuck Norris recently conducted a performance with the London symphony orchestra with his penis while juggling three running chainsaws.
The lord giveth and Chuck Norris taketh away!
A man woke in Intensive Care with severe injuries and no memory of what happened. An investigation determined he was hit by either a freight train or by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can text using his walkie talkie and without batteries.
Chuck Norris doesn't bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.
CHUCK NORRIS uses GREAT WHITE SHARKS as his RUBBER DUCKIE
Chuck Norris tans in a pizza oven.
Chuck Norris had nasal sex with Barbara Streisand
Chuck Norris was asked what he thought of Justin Bieber. Chuck said the thinks Bieber is a waste of good toilet paper.
Chuck Norris enjoys playing backyard games with his grandchildren. They often play badminton. But instead of using little sissy racquets & a plastic birdie, they use boat oars & dead chickens.
If you've met a woman with crooked teeth, you've met a woman who has given Chuck Norris a blowjob.
When Chuck Norris goes swimmimg in the ocean, the sharks panic.
Chuck Norris paid a dime for a 50 cent candy bar and got $3.75 back in change.
If you get home from work and find Chuck Norris banging your wife, you should just go ahead and make a sandwich because Chuck Norris gets hungry after sex!
Nerdi, I believe that the joke posted to below this is the worst I have ever heard; therefore, I will create a better version. Chuck Norris doesn't breath air, his lungs generate their own air out of fear.
Chuck Norris can give a Ninntendo Gameboy a sex-change and create a Gamegirl.
Chuck Norris can eat eat a hammer and crap out an axe.
A man with 3 arms and 3 legs once attempted to kick Chuck Norris' ass. Chuck dropped him with a flying roundhoue, took a shit on his face and turned him into a Dung Beetle.
When having sex, Chuck Norris prefers doggy-style so he can place his bucket of KFC on the bitches' back while he fucks her and holds his board meetings.
Chuck Norris has an IMAX television in his bedroom
Chuck Norris can fit a three prong cable into a two socket outlet.
Chuck Norris ate a 72lb steak in 60 minutes He spent the firs 55 fucking the waitress
Once Chuck Norris forgot to cover his mouth before he sneezed, ever since the Moon has crates!
Chuck Norris once cast his fishing line into the Bearing Sea and caught a 176 lb halibut from his patio lawn chair in southern Oklahoma.
Chuck Norris cleans his toilet with a backhoe and a WeedEater.
Chuck Norris recently announced he was going to give away Mark Zuckerberg.
Chuck Norris will not allow his image to be associated with losers! That's why he changed the title of his syndicated TV series from 'Walker, Texas Ranger' to 'Walker, St Louis Cardinal'.
After returning from World War 2 unscrathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
Chuck Norris once punched a man in the face so hard that the man's eyeballs protruded from his asshole. This malady was diagnosed by emergency room personnel as a new medical condition known as 'Optical Rectumitis'.
Chuck Norris once needed hemorrhoid surgery. After breaking 2 sets of bolt cutters and a chainsaw, doctors had to deploy 2 bunker blaster bombs and an acetylene torch to adequately complete the surgery.
The Chinese started learning American English so that they could praise Chuck Norris in English.
Chuck Norris can tech an old dog the kind of tricks that would make that Mindfreak guy's head explode.
Once on Blue's Clues, when Steve Burns was ill, Chuck Norris came to the show and disguised like Steve to let the children not know that Chuck Norris was on Blue's Clues. After the episode, Chuck made it through the game without clues. Steve then said "Did you use clues?". Then Chuck Norris took his disguise off and roundhouse kicked Steve in the face without a word. That was 16 years ago.
Chuck Norris eats Spicy Chicken Crunchwraps, made with live chickens.
Lindsay Lohan once put a hickey on one of Chuck Norris' hemorrhoids.
Chuck Norris' dog is a Velociraptor.
Chuck Norris personally trained his pet canary for a daily early morning free flight excercise in the great outdoors. It usually returns for breakfast carrying a dead peregrine falcon in it's beak.
Little known fact: Chuck Norris deviginized Mary LONG before Joseph ever met her.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard that he can actually alter your DNA. Decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and yell, "What the hell was that?"
when Chuck Norris met Scorpion from MK, Scorpion said "STAY OVER THERE!!!"
Chuck Norris will soon open his own fried chicken restaurant chain: RKC-- Roundhouse Kickin' Chicken.
When Chuck Norris gives his song and dance, he sings Bad To The Bone while he dances on your face.
When Arnold says "I'll be back" in Terminator movie it is implied that he's going to ask Chuck Norris for help.
Chuck Norris' jetpack has a drink holder.
Chuck Norris can ram a VHS tape into a DVD player and the motherfucker will play.
Chuck Norris is the only known mammal in history to have an opposable thumb. On his penis.
Chuck Norris eats honey badgers for breakfast
Please find below a complete listing of gifts that could be found under your tree on Christmas morning that might possibly be something that Chuck Norris can not kill you with:
If you see Chuck Norris, and he's moving, it's already too late to run.
Chuck Norris drinks unholy water.
Chuck Norris keeps a stable full of miniature miniature horses in his beer cooler.
Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked the man who shot Liberty Vallance.
Chuck Norris is even better than the real thing.
They say that the size and value of a man's car is inversely proportional to the size of his manhood. That must be why Chuck Norris usually gets around on a pair of rollerskates. And a wheelbarrow.
Chuck Norris paints his house once a year with a human head.
Arnold had to beg Chuck Norris for the role of Terminator.
Chuck Norris can dereference NULL.
Chuck Norris can post 50,000 word essays on Twitter.
The NeverEnding Story ended, because Chuck Norris got tired of watching.
All people with hemorrhoids have been the recipient of a Chuck Norris roundhose kick to the mouth that was delivered so severely that it caused their tounge, tonsils and adenoids to protrude from their asshole.
Chuck Norris can easily remove your testicles through your anus.
Out of sheer boredom, Chuck Norris once stabbed an elephant to death, with a toothpick!
Bob's not your uncle - Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris punched a policeman in the face. The judge later charged the officer with head butting Chuck Norris' fist.
The reason Chuck Norris's shoes are brown is because the shit from peoples ass is caked onto his shoes from kicking their ass that hard.
A rogue squirrel once challenged Chuck Norris to a nut hunt around the park. Before beginning, Chuck simply dropped his pants, instantly killing the squirrel and 3 small children. Chuck knows you can't find bigger, better nuts than that.
abe lincoln may have freed the slaves but Chuck Norris is everyones master
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. Chuck Norris shot him and screwed his mother against a wall for three hours.
Chuck Norris' wife was hospitalized after she misunderstood when he told her to go to Cox's Department Store to buy him a seersucker suit. Instead, she went to Sears and bought him a cocksucker suit.
Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a massive erection. There we no survivors.
The 3D Chuck Norris movie was rated RRRR because no one made it out of the theater. No one ever crosses Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris was in a Jack Ryan movie. He was The Sum of All Fears.
Archeologists unearthed an old english dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined "victim" as "one who has encountered Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris easily on the latest 'Iron Chef America' contest when he prepared and served the judges a knuckle sandwich loaded with C-4.
Before it became politically incorrect, guys used to participate in the sport of "dwarf tossing". Chuck Norris invented and enjoys the sport of gorilla tossing.
Chuck Norris gets his chicken sandwiches and waffle frys FOR FREE
Chuck Norris doesnt have nightmares, nightmares have Chuck Norris
The official title for the Academy Award for Best Actor is "Best Actor Not Named Chuck Norris."
In soviet Russia Chuck Norris still kicks your ass!
the fact is that giraffes wernt made from centureys of evolution. they just say that be chuck is powa. the fact is that giraffes were made when Chuck Norris upper cutted a horse
Chuck Norris doesn't have a furnace. He heats his house by scaring the molecules into moving faster.
When Chuck Norris was 3 he got a tricycle. When he was 4 he was bored with it and installed Harley V-Twin engine.
Chuck Norris walked into a bar. everyone died and the bar exploded into a bar. the end.
Chuck Norris can get road rage in a fighter jet.
Chuck Norris plays Jenga with brick buildings.
Chuck Norris actually has German blood. He keeps it in the fridge next to the mayonnaise.
Chuck Norris bleeds knives.
Chuck Norris pimp-slapped Johnny Cash in Reno.
Chuck Norris once participated in a 100 mt race and obviously came first, but Albert Einstein died after watching that cos light came second.
Chuck Norris once participated in the running of the bulls. He walked.
Chuck Norris doesnt get poisoned by a cobra, the cobra gets poisoned by Chuck Norris
Filming on location for Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris brought a stillborn baby lamb back to life by giving it a prolonged beard rub. Shortly after the farm animal sprang back to life and a crowd had gathered, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the animal, breaking its neck, to remind the crew once more that Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away.
Chuck Norris invented time travel to fight himself... we refer to the battle as the big bang theory
Chuck Norris can swim in a pool table.
Chuck Norris once ate three 72 oz. steaks in one hour. He spent the first 45 minutes having sex with his waitress.
When Chuck Norris dies, the world will end.
Chuck Norris only agreed to be in 'The Expendables 2' so he could have the chance to sit all his co-stars in a darkened room and show them a DVD of him banging all their respective wives, and offer pointers to them.
a blind man once walked in to Chuck Norris chuck said do you know who i am im Chuck Norris. the mere mention of his name cured his blindness but sadly the first last and only thing he saw was a deadly round house kick to the face
Once a mosquito bit Chuck Norris and died instantly of acute cyanide poisoning.
Chuck Norris once milked a bull. He then forced Michael Richards to drink it.
Heard of a love triangle? Chuck Norris is currently involved in several love octagons.
Chuck Norris knows how old Blink 182 is.
Chuck Norris doesn't get drunk. He simply lowers his IQ to yours.
The head of Chuck Norris' penis has knuckles.
Particle physicists have finally developed a new atom smasher. It is called Chuck Norris's fist.
Chuck Norris can lick his own elbow.
When the going gets tough, Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can talk his way out of a room with no windows or doors
Don Juan was a real Chuck Norris
If you see Chuck Norris fighting a bear, don't help Chuck Norris, help the bear. "
Lightning never strikes Chuck Norris.If it does he gets an erection.
Chuck Norris is too legit to quit.
Wo hu cang long. The translation from Mandarin Chinese reads: "Crouching Chuck, Hidden Norris"
Chuck Norris invented beef jerky by throwing a bull through a chain-link fence.
Chuck Norris can slap a schizophrenic sane.
Of course God is a woman, she's Chuck Norris' bitch
Chuck Norris knows how much wood a woodchuck would chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
Chuck Norris knows how many roundhouse kicks to your asshole that it takes to create your personal hemorrhoid bouquet.
Chuck Norris can write the entire Declaration of Independence on his penis...with a paint roller.
the moon has craters on it cos once Chuck Norris had sex with it and gave it syphilis - and small pox
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you in the balls, face, and back of the head at the same time.
Chuck Norris can sing in a bass voice that makes Barry White and Lou Rawls sound like members of The Chipmunks by comparison.
Chuck Norris can smell thngs with his feet.
If you are next to Chuck Norris then you will always have perfect cell phone reception
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
There is no adultery mother, there's just Chuck Norris in town.
Those aren't credits that roll after Walker Texas Ranger. It is actually a list of fatalities that occurred during the making of the episode.
Chuck Norris can lift Thor's hammer, Mjolnir...with his pinkie.
Chuck Norris contacted Smallpox. It made him sniffle and it evolved into Ebola. So he blew his nose while on vacation in Liberia.
Atlantis is at the bottom of the Atlantic, because that's where Chuck Norris put it.
Chuck Norris does not kick ass and take names. In fact, Chuck Norris kicks ass and assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions.
THE MOTHER OF HIS MOTHER IS THE WIFE OF CHUCK NORRIS.
Chuck Norris breathes fire, has laser eyes, spits acid, and pisses lava.
When he was four, Chuck Norris could use his Etch-A-Scetch like an iPad.
Chuck Norris once flicked Mickey Rourke on the nose.
Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
South American tribesmen coat their blowdart tips in Chuck Norris' sweat.
Atomic fusion is so powerful, it could power the U.S. for a day. Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick can power the Earth for 1,000 years.
Chuck Norris taught Helen Keller how to paint nature scenes in 4D.
No one wants Chuck Norris to follow them on twitter
Chuck Norris once won a game of croquet while holding an enraged gorilla in a half-nelson.
If Michael Jackson can moonwalk, Chuck Norris can run on the sun.
Chuck Norris has made it to the end of the Internet. Twice.
The Beatles are on itunes because Chuck Norris finally bought a Mac.
When Chuck Norris wants chicken, he really means children.
There was supposed to be a Office 2008 but the spell check on word failed to capitalize Chuck Norris's name so he round house kicked it out of existence.
Chuck Norris usually has broken all ten commandments before his morning steak and whiskey.
Once a panhandler approached Chuck Norris and asked him for some change. Chuck Norris generously gave the poor man a quarter roundhouse kick and sent him hurtling into outer space at the speed of light.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a hole into a cow, just to see what was coming down the road.
When Chuck Norris action figures first came out they had a recall, because they were beating the shit out of little kids.
Actions speak louder than words, unless they're Chuck Norris' words.
The Big Bang: 1.The creation of the universe. 2. Chuck Norris, a hooker, and a six-pack.
I am Chuck Norris... Watch what you say, I am watching you.
Chuck Norris Found The Ark Of The Covenant... He Currently Uses It As A Coffee Table.
Chuck Norris uses an F5 tornado to mop the blood off his palace floors.
For Chuck Norris, post-coitus and post-mortem mean the same damn thing.
Attila the Hun soiled his pants when he heard that Chuck Norris was on sabbatical in the next village to be conquered.
Chuck Norris likes to keep his lawn growing tall and thick so that whenever he has unwanted visitors, he can slip out of his house unnoticed and stalk them like prey. He then jumps toward them like a magnificent lion of the African plains and delivers a fatal roundhouse kick to their face.
Someone once told Chuck Norris his hair looked good. He roundhouse kicked him in the face and told him that he made the hair look good.
Chuck Norris thinks anyone who says that violence never solved anything is probably a pussy and causing problems
Chuck Norris can drown water
No one has ever pair-programmed with Chuck Norris and lived to tell about it.
The reason this website is still standing, is because we are complementing Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a cheese grater. He grates cheese with his beard
Simon & Garfunkel wrote the lyric 'Hello darkness, my old friend' about the end of several thousand men who saw a Chuck Norris testicle decending to crush their head.
If you ever dream of beating Chuck Norris in a thumb war, the next event in said dream will be a 6734-ton weight falling on you. This is Chuck Norris's roundhouse kick.
Tigers developed stripes as an evolutionary strategy. Chuck Norris made them an endangered species anyway.
3 asians once ate 150 hotdogs in 1 minute. Not to be out done, Chuck Norris ate 3 asians in less than 20 seconds
Chuck Norris was once court-martialed. He was immediately promoted to five-star admiral.
Chuck Norris visited Americas Toughest Prison for a vacation. After 30 seconds of fighting, all the inmates asked to be transferred to Death Row.
Chuck Norris can drive an aircraft carrier by himself.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can divide by 0.
Remember the big bang theory, that day Chuck Norris got pissed.
Chuck Norris is on a first name basis with noone
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris can knock that chip off your shoulder, dip it salsa and eat it.
Chuck Norris once got confused by looking at the infinity sign, so he roundhouse kicked it back into a clock, he now has it straped onto his wrist and calls it his wristwatch
If you receive an invitation from Chuck Norris to attend a Texas Tea Party rally, it is actually his secret code for you to come over for a fun filled evening of jello shooters, beer pong & strip poker.
Chuck Norris has nicknamed his testicles "the good, the bad and the ugly"
Chuck Norris is the reason Tupac is hiding.
If The Most Interesting Man in the World were to slap you on the back, you'd put it on your resume. If Chuck Norris were to slap you on the back, your spine would leave the Earth's atmosphere at about Mach 2.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in god, god believes in Chuck Norris.
Usain Bolt once ran against Chuck Norris in a 40 yard dash. Bolt had a 20 yard head start. Chuck Norris won by 5 yards.
Chuck Norris' submarine is full of semen.
Chuck Norris will beat you with his nunchucks. Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you with his Chuck Taylors. Chuck Norris will feed you to the woodchucks. Don't fuck with Chuck!!1
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck NORRIS
When Chuck Norris dropped out of kindergarten, a huge crack was formed in the tectonic plates causing a 100 ft tsunami in Japan which killed 1000000 people, and destroyed property worth $999999999999. Some scientists estimate that if he had dropped out from high school, the event would have most certainly destroyed the whole planet.
If you want to change your name, then you have to be killed by Chuck Norris.
Bono wears Chuck Norris sunglasses.
Chuck Norris is so tough that he doesn't use the washing-machine. He beats the shit out of the clothes.
Chuck Norris tore her 10 new ones
Once, while having sex in a tractor trailer, part of Chuck Norris' sperm escaped and got into the engine. We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris was once stopped by police and given a breath test. He inhaled the breathalyzer.
Chuck Norris went on the All-Pussy diet. He gained 6,000 tonnes.
Reply to joke 6451: Anyone with the patience and energy can do that, too... though Chuck Norris may be the only only in that category...
God stole Chuck Norris' job when he applied...God has been hiding ever since
Chuck Norris recently bagged a Grizzley Bear with a Nerf gun.
Daenerys Targaryen is the "Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea," the "Breaker of Chains," and "Mother of Dragons." She would trade all that and more to become "Woman of Chuck Norris."
According to 987 of 1,000 women surveyed, Chuck Norris' penis tastes most like a raspberry lollipop. The other 13 surveyed said they wound up with splinters in their mouth.
Chuck Norris can text using his walkie talkie and without batteries.
Nobody knows Easter better than CHUCK NORRIS!!
Chuck Norris is the last moeheican. And the first one.
Chuck Norris put out Hell.
Chuck Norris doesnt have AIDS but he gives it to people anyway.
A Chuck Norris flying roundhouse kick to the buttocks has been known to cause an infected, yellow pus filled abscess in hemorrhoidal tissue.
Chuck Norris sells weapons-grade plutonium to school kids.
If you look closely at the bottom of the XX Beer commercials, you can read the fine print that states they're actually featuring the SECOND Most Interesting Man in the World after Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body.
Chuck Norris doesn't get 2-day deliveries from Amazon, he gets his order the same day
Chuck Norris threw a grenade, killed 50 pople, then the grenade exploded.
Greek Gods fled to Mount Olympus they saw Chuck Norris wandered on earth.
Chuck Norris stopped a speeding bullet by telling it to.
Chuck Norris was once part of a knock knock joke. The Joke ended abruptly when after the first knock the door blew up killing the man behind it.
Files don't become declassified, Chuck Norris just decides when the people need to know.
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, "Two seconds 'til." After you ask, "Two seconds 'til what?" he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Chuck Norris can piss into gale force winds.
If Fox had cast Chuck Norris as Jack Bauer, the show would have been called "3"
Chuck Norris knows who shot J.R
To prove his mental strenght Chuck Norris listened to Metallica/Lou Reed-collaboration "Lulu" on repeat for a whole day.
You hear of whales beaching themselves, you just know Chuck Norris is fuckin' shit up under the sea.
Respected archaeologists fight over Chuck Norris's discarded apple cores.
Chuck Norris showed the Feds videos of him shooting 2pac and Biggie, but there was not enough evidence to convict him
Chuck Norris NEVER do things wrong.
Chuck Norris is recommending that his friends build tree houses because zombies can not climb trees.
Because of Chuck Norris the big 5 is now know as the big 6.
Chuck Norris once destroyed a city to prove a point When asked Chuck Norris said The point was That I can destroy a city.
Chuck Norris always knows what time it is. It's time for you to die.
Chuck Norris had tonsillitis as a child. He reached in and pulled them out.
Only Chuck Norris can make a NERF battle turn deadly.
Chuck Norris gouged out the "i" in team.
Chuck Norris is the only man alive that can fly a helicopter up-side-down. He uses it to mow his lawn.
Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
Chuck Norris can fart in the shower and make bubbles.
Chuck Norris once played with blocks as a toddler. These blocks are known to us today as Stonehenge
Chuck Norris can track your IP address with the sun and/or moon.
A woman wanted to commit suicide so she gave Chuck Norris a blow job.
If Superman and The Flash were to race to the edge of space you know who would win? Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris won the NBA Slam Dunk competition by just holding the ball.
The reason why Chuck Norris was made is because hes freaking badass.
No matter where Chuck Norris is, he always gets free wifi and a full bar cell-phone reception
Chuck Norris humps camels, shags carpets and bones China.
When God walked in the sea ... Chuck Norris was swimming in the land!!
Eminem Sings about a Tornado meeting a Volcano, However we all know this is what happened when Chuck Norris created god.
CHUCK NORRIS uses GREAT WHITE SHARKS as his RUBBER DUCKIE
Chuck Norris once round house kicked a retarded kids bus, and it became the first smart car.
Chuck Norris does not ask when stores open. Store managers ask "Mr Norris, when would you like us to open".
Chuck Norris officially announced today that he is in fact permantly retiring...your face from public view.
Chuck Norris uses a live Cobra for a hatband. It stays in place because it's frozen in fear.
Chuck Norris uses Spiderman as a hammock.
Chuck Norris can do a round house kick on his knees.
One time while hunting deer, Chuck Norris made a kill shot from 300 yards. No big deal u say? his weapon of choice was a squirt gun.
For fun, Chuck Norris crab fishes in the Bearing Sea with just a snorkel and a laundry basket.
Superman's cape is made from Chuck Norris' chest hair.
Chuck Norris dosent need love, Chuck Norris is love.
Chuck Norris listens to his music in 4D
Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with "obstruction of justice." This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
Someone once told Chuck Norris his hair looked good. He roundhouse kicked him in the face and told him that he made the hair look good.
Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life... unless it gets in his way.
Chuck Norris doesn't push the envelope. He wipes his ass with it.
Chuck Norris looked at a grayard and said what have i done
Internet service dies each time someone on your ISP tries to submit a dry Chuck Norris fact.
Chuck Norris guides MAPS where to go!
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris did not look at Tupac or Biggie. He merely looked at them!
Chuck Norris shaves with a hunting knife. "Shaving" consists of cutting a new mouth-hole every morning. That's how tough his beard is.
Most women with a sore throat prefer Chuck Norris' bearded member for use as the most effective throat lozenge.
Chuck Norris was the first one to know that the bird is the word
Love is a battlefield. Chuck Norris is Field Marshall.
Chuck Norris starts his day with 6 live chickens two cows, three pigs and a boiling hot cup of pure fury
Chuck Norris punished Superman for being Superman by making him wear his underwear over his pants.
A UFO tried to abduct Chuck Norris once. When the aliens woke up three hours later, they had no memory of what had happened, but did find that their watches had stopped and their asses were really sore...
Making eye contact with Chuck Norris is a great way to get your spine removed
Buzz Lightyear found out just how far it is to infinity and beyond after Chuck Norris drop kicked his ass for refusing to come out of his grandson's toy box.
When Chuck Norris is driving traffic lights never turn red
Chuck Norris' motto: "The difficult I do immediately. The impossible takes 3 seconds longer".
we truly never dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, we just dropped Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris savors the sweet taste of ax-murder.
If Chuck Norris gets pulled over, HE lets the policeman off with a warning.
Chuck Norris can take the square root of a negitive number
It isn't what Chuck Norris would do for a Klondike bar, but more so, what a Klondike bar would do for Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can get into a pissing match with a flamethrower and win.
Chuck Norris knows when you have a gerbil up your ass.
If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry. Even the worst-laid plans of Chuck Norris come off without a hitch.
Five Finger Death Punch and Twelve Foot Ninja are rock bands named after the way Chuck Norris killed a giant ninja.
people hits pinnate with a stick, Chuck Norris hits pinnate with a flamingo
There was once a contest for the most epic person in the world. Chuck Norris signed up. He got -678324567th place. He won, by the way.
After he was born, Chuck Norris immediately ate his own placenta.
Chuck Norris taught the Mack how to mack, and also taught Supafly how to flap his muthafuckin' wings.
Chuck Norris' mom always looks forward to every Mothers Day. Her loving son always provides her favorite gift...an uppercut.
When the chainsaw massacre saw Chuck Norris's dick he cut off his.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris says: Ima Firin Mah Lazor Shoop-de-woop yo ass
Chuck Norris's round house kick isn't nearly as bad when he stares you down and you burst into flames and burn to death.
Ever wonder why the US government build AREA 51? Because AREA 1 up to 50 was build for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Chuck Norris killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy.
Chuck Norris once played the clarinet during a concert while conducting the orchestra with his dick.
Chuck Norris doesn't get 2-day deliveries from Amazon, he gets his order the same day
Great minds think like Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris likes Apples for dessert ... especially Macbook Pros and Airbooks
Chuck Norris was Victoria's Secret. She never walked right again.
It's said that, when this website gets to Fact #9001, Chuck Norris will kick it in the URL, rocketing it up to 10,000 facts.
Chuck Norris created creation.
Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris let the dogs out... and then roundhouse kicked them through an Oldsmobile.
When Medusa stared at Chuck Norris SHE turned to stone.
I WANT TO CHOP CHUCK NORRIS IN HALF I WANNA KILL HIM
There was a man that had to slay a dragon....But that man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed the man.
Chuck Norris can read braille by smelling the paper.
The Borg Collective Told Chuck Norris: "You will be assimilated; resistance is futile". Chuck Norris then replied: "You will be inseminated; resistance is futile".
Chuck Norris completed his bucket list when he was 14. He officially retired that year.
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
The key to eradicating all disease lies in the immune system of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can shove a CD in his mouth and music will come out his ears.
Chuck Norris was the first avenger.
Chuck Norris once read the entire Merriam-Webster dictionary backwards in pig-Latin, while roundhouse kicking 30 ninjas.
Chuck Norris is so passionate, all of his crimes of passion are misdemenor fines that all of his victims/chosen ones will gladly pay for him.
Chuck Norris never shops at aldi
Google is named after the number of Kilograms Chuck Norris can benchpress.
Chuck Norris can just wright a random number and the math problem is right
Chuck Norris uses a violin bow as a toothpick.
At the dawn of time, Chuck Norris and Mr. T sat in an empty universe, bored with nothing to destroy, so they decided to arm wrestle. The competition began - it raged on for days and days, with thunderclaps of pure energy jolting off of their bulging muscles, ripping holes through reality, and creating the universe as we know it. Finally, after much-ado, and with one emphatic thud, Mr. T beat Chuck Norris at arm wrestling... ...And thus, Chuck Norris invented racism, and roundhouse kicked Mr. T into a bad 1980's TV show.
The U.S. Coast Guard has recognized Chuck Norris' gonads and nut sack as a legal personal floatation device.
Chuck Norris once donated a pint of blood to a cancer patient. We know that cancer patient now as Superman.
Chuck Norris doesn't drive, because all roads lead to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is who told Frank the Rabbit the world will end in 28 days.
After Chuck Norris takes a dump, he sprays his bathroom with a can of Glade Floral Spray. That helps and makes it only smell like a hippopotamus took a shit in a flower garden.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a man so hard, he turned into a gorilla!
Mike Tyson was overheard saying he would bite a live cobra before he would bite Chuck Norris' ear.
Trinkle trinkle little star, how Chuck Norris knows where you are
The reason Neo was the one was because Chuck Norris was on vacation.
When the Lone Ranger & Tonto challenged Chuck Norris to a game of 8 ball, Chuck Norris racked thier balls.
Using his trademark roundhouse kick, Chuck Norris once made a fieldgoal in RJ Stadium in Tampa Bay from the 50 yard line of Qualcomm stadium in San Diego.
Chuck Norris always flips the script. That's the only reason why he doesn't get more movie roles.
When the sun goes outside,he puts on Chuck Norris glasses.
Jesus didn't walk on water. Chuck Norris carried him.
All science students maybe aware about the fact that picochuck is the unit of manliness in the International System of Units (SI). An average man measures about 0.00073 pc. Chuck Norris measures 39,372 petachucks.
If Chuck Norris were to write a book it would read like the obituary.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity , twice.
looking at Chuck Norris stare at me on this web page is scaring me
Chuck Norris took Amy Winehouse to rehab
Jesus didn't rise and ascend to the heavens on the 3rd day. Chuck Norris round kick him back to life and simultaneously killed him again sending him to heaven.
Chuck Norris had sex with the earth once......the moon was born 9 months later
How do you spell roundhouse kick? C-h-u-c-k- N-o-r-r-i-s.(ignore this i needa say Chuck Norris)
Captain Planet once told Chuck Norris that he had control over all the elements - earth, water, wind and fire. Chuck Norris then drowned him in fire and blew him six feet under, thereby utilizing all four elements to move the good captain asunder. (It should be noted here that Chuck Norris, for the first time ever, deviated from using his signature roundhouse kick.)
When Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicks your ass you say thank you sir may I have another.
Chuck almighty Chuck Norris: you're not woth it Chuck Norris doesnt go to iceland
Chuck Norris doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
Chuck Norris once beat Ricky Gervais in a British accent impersonation contest.
Chuck Norris can see Russia from his house.
Lance Armstrong finally admitted to his steroid use simply because Chuck Norris warned him that he would bite the other one off.
Chuck Norris never gets old. Oh the fact. Chuck Norris told us that dividing by zero makes the universe explode and then the nothingness explodes too.
If it bleeds, we can kill it. Therefore, Chuck Norris cannot bleed.
Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked the acting ability out of Vin Diesel.
Chuck Norris can kill you in an instant. seriously.
Superman can stop a bullet with his teeth. Chuck Norris can cause a bullet to implode, before exiting the chamber.
In summer time, when Chuck Norris goes outside, he doesn't go in the shade. The sun hides behind the clouds.
Chuck Norris learned English from a book written in Spain that was a copy of a Brazilian book that was written by a Guatemalan that was born in Turkey who copied it from a Greek that was born in Egypt that copied a book written by Homer [not Homer Simpson, that's silly] which was written in 2748677984738485 BCEsdgf,hjrwrwkdhjrkdgjchcsxdcshfkhjcgjrswI HATE IT WHEN HE DOES THAThcfjdghgklchjfujrhddcdhfbgksjdyjbkdgjfskudhOKOK IT WAS ORIGINALLY WRITTEN BY A DINOSAUR AND HOMER COPIED THAT thank you.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to eat. He runs on the fear of his enemies.
Carly Fiorina once crawled through the entire Waco, TX sewer system just to watch Chuck Norris take a shit in a Taco Bell restroom.
Chuck Norris' Blackberry is a blackberry.
Chuck Norris ALWAYS has a gun in his pocket. He is never happy to see you.
Chuck Norris can slap a schizophrenic sane.
The big bang occured in Chuck Norris's appendix.
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist.
Chuck Norris ordered a chicken burger at In-N-Out and he got one.
Not even a fictional Chuck Norris elf would ever sing "Dawn we now our gay apparel, Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la".
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
If queers had any balls they'd be real men like Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris won the New York Marathon while steaming some crab legs in Austin, TX
Chuck Norris can change a Diesel engine's spark plugs.
Chuck Norris' idea of a relaxing evening stroll is walking through East Detroit at midnight.
Chuck Norris updates his DNA every 5 minutes
Chuck Norris use to eat clowns but they taste funny.
Who crapped in your corn flakes? Chuck Norris did!
Stand 1 inch from Chuck Norris face-to-face, and he can still kick u in the top of the head!
Chuck Norris can clap with one hand.
JFK was not assassinated. Instead, Chuck Norris went back in time just as Oswald fired a bullet from his rifle, which was deflected by his beard. Kennedy's head exploded from sheer amazement.
When Chuck Norris goes to the airport, TSA agents grope themselves.
When steroids want to get Bigger Stronger and faster they take injections filled with Chuck Norris's sweat
Most people get their heat from the sun, the sun gets it heat from a single Chuck Norris roundhouse kick
Chuck Norris is the one that establishes all 'No man's lands'
Chuck Norris found the end of a rainbow.
Chuck Norris can de-forest 5 acres of the Amazon using a butterknife, a boomerang, and a pair of pliers.
Chuck Norris is the problem to all the answers to your problems!
Chuck Norris can dribble two bowling balls up a flight of stairs...with his feet.
Chuck Norris can draw cash from ATMs using UNO cards.
the dinosaurs only became extinct after Chuck Norris had a BBQ, for one
Eminem Sings about a Tornado meeting a Volcano, However we all know this is what happened when Chuck Norris created god.
Captain Planet once told Chuck Norris that he had control over all the elements - earth, water, wind and fire. Chuck Norris then drowned him in fire and blew him six feet under, thereby utilizing all four elements to move the good captain asunder. (It should be noted here that Chuck Norris, for the first time ever, deviated from using his signature roundhouse kick.)
Chuck Norris can rob a bank with just his vocal cords.
Chuck Norris has the worlds biggest balls, will has the worlds second largest balls
You can get tetanus simply by staring at Chuck Norris' beard for too long.
Chuck Norris can put you in a coma by slapping you in the face with his dick.
Chuck Norris has wings - on his balls ... of steel.
When Chuck Norris was young his friends had 10 speed bikes. Chucks bike had warp drive.
Chuck Norris sometimes wishes that alcohol could affect him. He has drunk 5 bottles of whiskey a day for the past 20 years, and still nothing.
Taylor Swift used to be named Taylor Lethargic before Chuck Norris devirginised her.
lmao to the ones underneath,, Once Gary Neville and Chuck Norris had a arm wrestle no one knows who won as everyone there had an fatal fit on the thought on Gary Neville and Chuck Norris in the same room!
Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.
It is generally accepted that the Meteor Crater in western Arizona was made by a meteor. WRONG. It was actually a result of a Chuck Norris skydiving mishap. After jumping from the plane, one of his balls became entangled in his parachute chords and was severed. Fact is, the crater is a result of his testacle impacting the ground!
If Fox had cast Chuck Norris as Jack Bauer, the show would have been called "3"
Chuck Norris doesn't smile, his mouth smiles for him.
The reason why Japan has too many disasters like the WWII bombings in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, earthquakes and tsunamis is because they always mispronounced his name in their prayers and praises as "CHUCK NOLLIS" instead of CHUCK NORRIS.
Chuck Norris can break a rubber band in half
